Table	of	Contents

Title	Page

Copyright

Cast	of	Characters

Chapter	One

Chapter	Two

Chapter	Three

Chapter	Four

Chapter	Five

Chapter	Six

Chapter	Seven

Chapter	Eight

Chapter	Nine

Chapter	Ten

Chapter	Eleven

Chapter	Twelve

Chapter	Thirteen

Chapter	Fourteen

Chapter	Fifteen

Chapter	Sixteen

Chapter	Seventeen

Chapter	Eighteen

Chapter	Nineteen

Chapter	Twenty

Chapter	Twenty-One

Chapter	Twenty-Two

Chapter	Twenty-Three

From	the	Author

Cozy	Mystery	Series





Chicken	Culprit

A

BACKYARD	FARMING

MYSTERY

BOOK	1

VIKKI	WALTON

MOREWELLSON,	LTD





Copyright	©	2018	by	Vikki	Walton

All	 rights	 reserved.	 No	 part	 of	 this	 publication	 may	 be	 reproduced,	 distributed, or	transmitted	in	any	form	or	by	any	means,	including	photocopying,	recording,

or	other	electronic	or	mechanical	methods,	without	the	prior	written	permission

of	 the	 publisher,	 except	 in	 the	 case	 of	 brief	 quotations	 embodied	 in	 critical reviews	and	certain	other	non-commercial	uses	permitted	by	copyright	law.	For

permission	 requests,	 write	 to	 the	 publisher,	 addressed	 “Attention:	 Permissions Coordinator,”	at	the	address	below.

Morewellson,	Ltd.

P.O.	Box	49726

Colorado	Springs,	CO	80949

ISBN:

978-0-9994402-0-9	(standard	edition	print)

978-0-9994402-1-6	(epub)

978-0-9994402-2-3	(large	print)

This	is	a	work	of	fiction.	Names,	characters,	places,	and	incidents	either	are	the product	of	the	author’s	imagination	or	are	used	fictitiously,	and	any	resemblance to	 actual	 persons,	 living	 or	 dead,	 business	 establishments,	 events,	 or	 locales	 is entirely	coincidental.

Front	Cover	Illustration:	DLR	Custom	Covers

Interior	formatting	by	Rik:	Wild	Seas	Formatting





Cast	of	Characters	(in	order	of	appearance)

Anne	 Freemont:	 She	 seeks	 solace	 from	 her	 past	 in	 her	 new	 hometown	 of Carolan	Springs.

Kandi	 Jenkins:	 A	 naïve	 and	 spirited	 young	 woman	 who	 thinks	 the	 best	 of everyone.

Ralph	 Rogers:	 A	 man	 whose	 temperament	 and	 actions	 cause	 angry

confrontations.

Stewart	Rogers:	Ralph’s	nephew	who’s	always	turning	up	unexpectedly.

Everett	 Bradley:	 Town’s	 police	 chief	 filling	 in	 as	 assisting	 agency	 for	 the sheriff’s	office.

Sam	Powers:	EMT	and	deputy	coroner	who	befriends	newcomer	Anne.

Eliza	de	French:	An	Ethiopian	woman	whose	beauty	hides	an	ugly	secret.

Hope	 Boswell:	 Doctor	 and	 herbalist	 who’s	 come	 home	 to	 care	 for	 her	 ailing mother.

Faith	Boswell:	 Dealing	 with	 early	 onset	 dementia,	 she	 still	 has	 what	 some	 call second	sight.

Jeff	Jenkins:	Kandi’s	goal-oriented	husband	who	often	travels	for	work.

Sheriff	Carson:	A	stony	wall	of	shrewd	insight	into	people.

Sorcha	Smith:	Bookstore	owner	who	makes	every	man’s	head	swivel.

Trust	is	like	a	sheet	of	paper;	once	it’s	crumpled,	it	is	never	viewed	the	same again.





Chapter	One

Anne	yawned	and	stretched	her	hands	over	her	head.	She	unlocked	the	kitchen

window,	 taking	 in	 a	 deep	 breath	 of	 crisp	 Colorado	 air	 and	 sighed	 loudly.	 No longer	would	she	have	to	deal	with	divorce	lawyers	or	Duke.	She	could	finally

live	her	life	as	she	saw	fit.

Anne	 surveyed	 her	 domain.	 Even	 though	 boxes	 cluttered	 every	 available

space,	it	didn’t	matter.	What	she	cared	about	was	that	it	was	all	hers.	While	the work	ahead	might	seem	daunting,	the	prospect	of	transforming	the	old	Victorian

house	didn’t	deter	Anne.

She	 poured	 herself	 a	 cup	 of	 coffee,	 both	 hands	 cradling	 the	 mug,	 before deciding	to	drink	it	out	on	the	back	porch.	Rays	of	sunshine	had	risen	about	the

copse	 at	 the	 back	 of	 her	 property,	 and	 its	 golden	 warmth	 welcomed	 the	 day.

Raising	the	mug	to	her	mouth,	Anne	took	a	much-needed	sip	of	the	hot	morning

brew.

“Stop!	Stop!”	A	woman’s	voice	carried	over	from	the	other	yard.

Anne	sloshed	coffee	onto	her	chambray	shirt.	“Shoot!”	She	set	her	cup	down

on	the	railing.	The	liquid,	now	cold,	seeped	through	to	her	skin.

“Stop!”	 The	 piercing	 scream	 came	 again.	 This	 was	 no	 couple’s	 tiff	 or	 “you forgot	 your	 lunch”	 yell.	 Anne	 lurched	 down	 the	 steps	 and	 across	 the	 yard, striding	 over	 to	 the	 stand	 of	 lilacs	 which	 separated	 the	 two	 yards.	 As	 she	 drew closer,	 a	 woman’s	 high-pitched	 voice	 could	 be	 heard	 pleading.	 A	 much	 deeper voice—a	man’s—was	muffled	in	contrast.

Last	 night’s	 rain	 made	 her	 flip-flops	 slip	 on	 the	 spongy	 ground.	 She

cautiously	rounded	the	stand	of	lilacs	and	stared	at	the	scene	before	her.

A	 petite	 young	 woman	 with	 fiery	 red	 hair	 stood	 facing	 a	 much	 taller	 older gentleman.	She	held	something	red	in	her	hands.	It	moved.

A	chicken.

The	man	gripped	an	axe	with	his	right	hand.	With	his	left,	he	reached	out	and took	 hold	 of	 the	 chicken’s	 neck.	 As	 Anne	 watched,	 open-mouthed,	 the	 woman reached	up	and	grabbed	the	axe	handle.	The	ruddy-faced	man	stood	unyielding,

his	left	hand	wrapped	securely	around	the	chicken’s	neck.

The	chicken	didn’t	look	happy	either.

“Let	go,	Kandi,	before	someone	gets	hurt.”

The	young	woman	released	the	axe.	“Fine,	but	you	let	go	of	Rusty.”

Rusty	must	be	the	Rhode	Island	Red	Kandi	clutched	in	her	left	hand.

“Kandi,	 I’ve	 had	 it.	 I	 told	 you	 the	 last	 time	 to	 keep	 your	 cotton-picking chickens	out	of	my	garden.	Now	look	at	what	she’s	done.”	The	man	released	the

chicken’s	neck	and	pointed.

Anne	took	a	few	steps	into	the	yard	to	see	where	he	pointed.

The	torn	remains	of	a	gorgeous	heirloom	Brandywine	tomato	left	no	doubt	as

to	the	culprit.

Anne	took	a	few	more	steps	into	the	yard	to	make	her	presence	known.	The

scene	made	it	clear	that	no	one	was	in	danger,	except	for	maybe	the	chicken.

“Please,	Ralph,”	Kandi	whimpered,	“I’ll	make	sure	she	doesn’t	get	out	of	the

run	again.”

The	chicken	squawked	and	struggled	to	break	free	from	Kandi’s	tight	grip.

“You’ve	 told	 me	 this	 before,	 young	 lady.”	 He	 reached	 for	 the	 chicken.

“Come	 on,	 Fricassee.	 I	 could	 use	 me	 a	 plate	 of	 chicken	 cutlets	 for	 dinner tonight.”

“Over	my	dead	body,	you	will!”	Kandi	stepped	back.

Valiantly	protesting	being	dinner,	the	chicken	struck	out	with	a	poor	attempt

to	peck	at	the	man.

Anne	sneezed.

The	pair	turned	to	face	her.

Discovered,	 Anne	 sheepishly	 stepped	 further	 into	 the	 yard.	 She	 raised	 her hand	in	a	slight	wave.

“Hi,	I’m	Anne.	I	just	moved—”

“You’ve	got	to	help	me!”	The	woman	jogged	over	to	Anne	and	pointed	at	the

man.	“He’s	going	to	murder	Rusty!”	She	held	the	chicken	up	for	display	so	there

would	be	no	doubt	who	she	meant.

The	 man	 advanced	 toward	 Anne,	 still	 clutching	 said	 ‘chicken-murder-

weapon-of-choice.’

“Hi.	I’m	Ralph.	Mr.	Rogers.	I’m	your	neighbor.”

Anne	struggled	not	to	laugh.	She	looked	from	axe-bearing	Mr.	Rogers	to	the

young	 woman	 to	 the	 chicken	 frantic	 to	 escape.	 It	 wasn’t	 a	 good	 day	 in	 the neighborhood.

“Hi.	I’m	Kandi.	I	live	over	there.”	She	used	the	chicken	to	point	across	the yard	to	the	next	property.	“I	keep	chickens	in	case	you	want	fresh	eggs.”

While	 Ralph	 stood	 silent,	 Kandi	 continued.	 “Did	 you	 move	 in	 yesterday?	 I was	so	excited	when	the	house	sold.	Are	you—”	She	tightened	her	grip	on	Rusty

who	squirmed	to	break	free.

“Enough.”	Ralph’s	deep	baritone	stopped	Kandi’s	questioning.

He	advanced.	The	axe’s	sharp	edge	gleamed	in	his	hand.

Anne	 stepped	 back	 and	 her	 flip-flops	 sucked	 into	 the	 mud.	 She	 fought	 to regain	 purchase	 but	 found	 only	 unstable	 ground.	 Struggling	 to	 remain	 upright and	keep	her	footing,	she	spun	her	arms	in	a	tilt-a-whirl	motion.

Kandi	let	go	of	the	chicken.	Mr.	Rogers	chucked	the	axe	to	the	ground	and

they	both	reached	for	Anne.

Their	efforts	were	in	vain.	Gravity	won.

Anne	landed	with	a	thud	in	a	large	mound	of	fresh,	earthy,	wet	compost.	She

may	have	laughed	it	off	at	twenty,	but	falls	weren’t	as	funny	as	they	used	to	be.

She	stared	up	at	the	two	maniacs.

The	man	let	out	a	loud	laugh.	“Welcome	to	the	neighborhood!”

“Very	funny.”	Anne	shifted	sideways,	placing	one	jeaned	knee	in	the	pile	for

stability.	 Wet	 and	 cold	 seeped	 through	 her	 pants.	 She	 fought	 a	 losing	 battle	 as decaying	 leaves,	 rotting	 vegetables,	 and	 who	 knew	 what	 else	 shifted	 and	 sunk beneath	her.

Her	 endeavors	 to	 pull	 free	 from	 the	 muck	 were	 getting	 her	 nowhere.

Exasperation	grew.	“A	little	help	here	would	be	appreciated.”	Her	voice	rose.

Ralph	held	out	his	calloused	hand.	Thankfully,	sans	axe.

Anne	 grabbed	 it.	 With	 a	 firm	 pull,	 he	 yanked	 her	 up,	 swaying	 a	 bit	 as	 he sought	to	remain	upright	on	solid	ground.

As	Kandi	grasped	at	Anne’s	other	arm,	Ralph	turned	his	head.	“Where’s	that

chicken?	 Kan-di!	 It’s	 in	 my	 garden	 again!	 I’ll	 kill	 it	 for	 sure	 this	 time!”	 He dropped	Anne’s	arm	and	grabbed	the	axe	from	the	ground.

Kandi	also	dropped	Anne’s	arm	and	took	off	after	Ralph.

Anne’s	foot	sunk	once	again	in	the	compost	pile,	and	she	fell	back	into	the

damp	muck.

Frustrated	with	this	new	pair	of	neighbors,	Anne	pulled	herself	up	and	began

crawling	out	of	the	compost	heap.

“Don’t	hurt	her,”	Kandi	implored.	“I	promise	I’ll	make	sure	she	doesn’t	get

in	 your	 tomatoes	 again.	 I’ll	 even	 go	 right	 now	 and	 buy	 you	 some	 tomatoes	 to replace	the	ones	she’s	ruined.”

“Are	 you	 nuts?	 If	 I	 wanted	 store-bought	 no-taste	 tomatoes,	 I’d	 buy	 them.”

He	glowered	down	at	the	young	woman.



Kandi	 bristled.	 She	 stretched	 herself	 to	 her	 full	 five-	 foot	 frame	 and	 placed her	 hands	 on	 her	 hips,	 Wonder-	 Woman	 style.	 Then,	 before	 Ralph	 could	 react, she	rushed	over	and	scooped	up	the	errant	chicken.	The	young	woman	sprinted

toward	her	yard,	the	chicken’s	head	bobbing	with	the	movement.

As	she	rounded	the	corner,	she	turned	back	to	the	finally	upright	Anne.	“Nice

to	meet	you,	Anne!”	Kandi	waved.

Anne	waved	back.	A	piece	of	romaine	stuck	to	her	hand.

Oh,	joy.	What	have	I	gotten	myself	into?

Finally	freed	from	the	compost	quicksand,	Anne	said	goodbye	to	Ralph.	She

headed	home	carrying	her	flip-	flops,	now	utterly	useless.	Her	shirt	was	wet.	Her pants	were	wet.	Why	not	her	feet	too?

The	screen	door	slapped	the	frame	behind	her	as	she	entered	the	kitchen.	She

used	 her	 hip	 to	 shut	 the	 main	 door.	 Dropping	 the	 shoes	 in	 a	 trash	 bin,	 Anne quickly	shucked	off	her	damp	shirt,	carrying	it	with	her	down	the	short	passage

to	her	bedroom.

Her	 muscles	 ached.	 Between	 the	 moving	 of	 boxes	 yesterday	 and	 today’s

spill,	 soreness	 now	 made	 itself	 known.	 She	 pulled	 out	 a	 piece	 of	 lettuce—no, arugula—	stuck	in	her	hair.	Gazing	down	at	her	grimy	hands	caked	with	dirt,	she

grimaced.

Working	hands.	That’s	what	Duke—her	ex-	husband—had	called	them.

She	thought	back	to	his	chiding	remarks.	“How	am	I	supposed	to	feel	when

you	 don’t	 even	 make	 yourself	 presentable?	 Look	 at	 Stu’s	 wife.	 Now	 that’s	 a woman.”

Anne	studied	her	hands.	Gone	were	the	sculpted	manicured	nails.	Turning	on

the	 tap,	 she	 scrubbed	 at	 her	 hands	 with	 the	 intensity	 of	 a	 heart	 surgeon.	 Tears flowed.	 Her	 hands,	 now	 red	 from	 her	 efforts,	 throbbed.	 She	 stepped	 back	 from the	sink	and	threw	the	nail	brush	as	hard	as	she	could	at	the	bathroom	window.

Unfortunately	for	her,	the	bathroom	window	was	closed.	She’d	shut	it	when

the	rain	started	last	night.

The	plastic	missile	bounced	back	off	the	window	and	hit	her	on	the	shoulder.

“Ow!”	The	tears	morphed	into	laughter	at	her	own	stupidity.

Though	her	stomach	rumbled,	begging	for	food,	a	bath	was	the	first	order	of

business.	 No	 telling	 what	 had	 been	 in	 that	 compost	 muck.	 She	 loved	 compost, worms,	and	other	critters,	just	not	on	her	person.	She	bent	down	and	turned	on

the	bath	faucet,	hoping	the	hot	water	had	generated	enough	heat	overnight	for	a

long	soak.

A	loud	knocking	on	the	back	door	interrupted	the	process.

Maybe	they’ll	go	away.	Wait—is	anything	supposed	to	be	hooked	up	today?

She	 begrudgingly	 turned	 off	 the	 faucet	 and	 grabbed	 the	 old	 raincoat	 she’d worn	last	night	from	the	back	of	the	shower	door.	Should	that	have	been	a	clue

of	a	stormy	beginning	to	her	new	life?

She	 shoved	 her	 matted	 brown	 hair	 behind	 her	 ears.	 The	 postponement	 of

warm	water	on	her	sore	backside	elicited	a	sigh	of	disappointment.

Walking	toward	the	kitchen,	she	glimpsed	a	tall	young	man	standing	on	the

porch.	She	cracked	the	back	door	open.	“Can	I	help	you?”

He	 pointed	 to	 the	 lilac	 bushes.	 “I’m	 Ralph’s	 nephew.	 Stewart.	 Next	 door.

He’s	real	sorry	about	you	falling	into	his	compost	heap.	Last	night’s	rain	made

the	ground	real	slippery	back	there.”

No	 kidding. Her	 clenched	 fist	 gripped	 the	 coat	 tightly,	 but	 she	 replied,	 “No harm,	no	foul.”

Foul—fowl.	She	chuckled.

His	eyebrow	raised	in	question.

“You	 see,	 no	 foul.	 This	 all	 began	 because	 of	 a	 chicken,	 fowl,	 get	 it?…Oh, never	mind.”

“Um,	okay.”

His	 dismissive	 demeanor	 rankled.	 But	 she	 didn’t	 want	 to	 start	 off	 on	 the wrong	foot	with	her	neighbor.	She	giggled	a	bit	thinking	about	her	lost	footing.

Oh	man,	I’m	really	tired.

His	 appraising	 look	 left	 no	 doubt	 he	 thought	 her	 a	 kook.	 “Anyway…he

wanted	 to	 give	 you	 these	 as	 an	 apology.”	 He	 motioned	 to	 a	 crate	 of	 beautiful vegetables	that	sat	at	his	feet.

Stewart	continued,	“This	is	a	great	place	you	got	here.	Good	bones.	I	know

you’ll	 like	 it.	 My	 uncle	 said	 you	 might	 need	 some	 handyman	 help.	 I	 do	 some carpentry	 and	 such.	 General	 stuff.	 Be	 glad	 to	 give	 you	 a	 quote.”	 He	 patted	 the door	frame.	“You	can’t	do	better	than	these	old	Victorians.”

Anne	didn’t	respond.	Though	she	felt	the	same	about	the	beautiful	old	home,

the	less	she	said,	the	quicker	he’d	leave.

“Well,	anyway,	Uncle	Ralph	asked	me	to	give	that	to	you.”	He	motioned	in

the	 direction	 of	 the	 box.	 “Sorry	 to	 hear	 about	 your	 fall.	 Welcome	 to	 Carolan Springs.”	Turning,	he	bounded	down	the	steps	while	fixing	a	baseball	cap	back

on	his	head.

Anne	stepped	out	onto	the	porch.	As	she	watched,	Stewart	sprinted	beyond

the	lilacs.	Now	alone,	she	picked	up	the	crate	and	brought	it	inside	to	the	old	oak table.	Peeking	at	the	goodies,	it	didn’t	look	like	anything	needed	refrigeration.	It could	wait	for	her	to	take	her	bath.

Footsteps	crunched	on	the	gravel	out	to	her	drive.

Did	he	forget	something?

She	 buttoned	 her	 coat	 before	 turning	 to	 see	 the	 young	 woman	 from	 this morning’s	fiasco	grinning	at	her	from	the	open	doorway.

Not	waiting	for	approval,	the	woman	entered	the	kitchen.	“Oh	wow,	you	do

look,	 well…”	 She	 colored	 slightly.	 “Not	 to	 be	 mean,	 but	 you	 don’t	 look	 so good.”

“Falling	into	a	compost	heap	will	do	that	to	you.”	Anne	brushed	back	a	stray

lock	of	sticky	hair	from	her	face.	She	looked	down	at	her	hand	and	saw	a	piece

of	 strawberry.	 “By	 the	 way,	 good	 for	 you	 for	 standing	 up	 to	 that	 guy.	 Some young	people	might	have	been	intimidated	by	him.”

“Ahh,	he’s	okay.	Plus,	I’m	twenty-four.”

“You	are?	Wow.	You	look	much	younger,”	Anne	quipped.

“I	get	that	a	lot.”	Kandi	looked	around	the	kitchen.	“Don’t	you	just	love	this

old	 house?”	 She	 laughed	 a	 childlike	 laugh	 that	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 make	 Anne smile.	“Oh,	of	course	you	do.	You	bought	it!”

She	 focused	 her	 eyes	 intently	 on	 Anne.	 “Seriously	 though.	 You	 look, like, bad.	I	don’t	know	if	you	know	but	the	back	of	your	head	has, like,	what	might	be a	moldy	strawberry	or	some	other	gross	stuff	in	it.

Anne	 shuddered.	 Suddenly,	 she	 was	 itchy	 everywhere.	 “Anyway,	 I	 came

over	because	I	figure	you	need	help.

You	being	old	and	all.”

Old	 and	 all?	 Had	 this	 twit	 just	 called	 her	 old?	 She	 was	 only	 forty	 for heaven’s	sake.	Okay,	forty-four	and	a	half,	but	who’s	counting?

She	looked	at	the	girl.	Innocence	radiated	from	her	face.	She	hadn’t	meant	to

be	cruel	or	mean.	She	had	only	been	stating	a	fact.	Did	she	look	old?	Anne	knew

that	the	stress	of	the	last	few	years	had	taken	their	toll.	Maybe	it	had	been	more than	she	thought.

Kandi	continued,	“I	thought	you	might	like	some	help	unpacking	after	your

fall.	Plus,	I	kind	of, like,	owe	you	since	you	saved	Rusty.”	She	glanced	at	Anne’s raincoat.	“Are	you	going	out?	I	don’t	think	that’s, like,	such	a	good	idea.”

Before	Anne	could	respond,	Kandi	rushed	out	to	the	back	porch	and	returned

holding	a	basket.	“Look!”	Like	a	toddler	holding	up	a	present,	Kandi	extended

her	 arms	 to	 showcase	 a	 basketful	 of	 eggs.	 “These	 are	 from	 my	 girls—my chickens.	 You	 may	 not	 know	 this	 about	 chickens,	 but	 these	 are, like,	 the	 best eggs	you’ll	ever	taste.	Bright	orange	yolks.	They	look	like	you’ve	added	cheese

to	the	eggs.”	She	grinned.

Kandi	glanced	at	the	crate	on	the	table.	“Hey,	is	that, like,	 some	 of	 Ralph’s veggies?”	She	pulled	items	from	the	box.	“Um,	here	are	some	peppers,	onions,

and	 even	 some	 of	 his	 prized	 mushrooms.	 He’s	 got	 a	 secret	 spot	 down	 the	 trail that	leads	from	his	place	into	the	forest.	You’ve, like,	scored	the	jackpot.”

Anne	raised	a	hand	to	rub	her	forehead.	This	woman	and	all	her	 likes	 made her	head	hurt.

Kandi	 gazed	 intently	 at	 Anne.	 “I	 can	 see	 you’re	 super	 tired.	 Yep,	 what	 you need	 is	 a	 good	 homemade	 frittata.	 My	 Jeff	 says	 I’m	 the	 best	 cook	 in, like,	 the whole	county.	How	about	you	go	take	a	shower	and	by	the	time	you’re	done,	I’ll

have	the	food	ready.”

Anne	wanted	to	strangle	the	young	woman	and	be	done	with	it.	She	debated

whether	 Kandi	 could	 be	 a	 frittata-making	 serial	 killer	 and	 as	 her	 stomach rumbled	again,	decided	she’d	chance	it.

“Okay,”	she	mumbled.	Food	cooked	by	someone	else,	killer	or	no,	sounded

divine.

As	 Kandi	 set	 about	 pulling	 items	 from	 the	 box,	 Anne	 headed	 off	 to	 the shower.	She	was	tired.	More	than	she	realized.	As	Anne	shucked	off	her	coat,	a

light	knock	sounded	on	the	bathroom	door,	causing	her	to	jump.	Oh	geez,	how

could	she	have	forgotten	to	lock	her	bedroom	door?	With	a	complete	stranger	in

her	kitchen	no	less.	She	must	be	far	more	tired	than	she’d	realized.

“You	okay	in	there?	Need	any	help?”	Kandi’s	youthful	voice	came	through.

“No,	I’ve	got	my	walker	in	here	with	me.”	Anne	grinned	at	her	own	quip.

“Okay.	Good.”	The	young	woman’s	voice	rang	out.

Anne	rolled	her	eyes.	“I	was	being	facetious.	I	don’t	have	a	walker!”

“Well,	how	long	will	it	take	to	be	facetious?	I	want	to	put	the	frittata	in	the

oven	and	don’t	want	it	getting	cold.”

This	 woman	 has	 to	 be	 dumber	 than	 a	 brick.	 Oh	 geez,	 how	 mean. Anne gripped	the	sides	of	the	sink,	her	pale	arms	freckled	by	the	sun,	and	scrutinized her	sad,	tired	eyes	in	the	mirror. What’s	wrong	with	you,	Anne?

“I	 won’t	 be	 long.	 You	 can	 go	 ahead	 and	 put	 it	 in.”	 “Great.	 I’ll	 just	 finish putting	your	dishes	away.”

Kandi	shuffled	away	from	the	door,	quietly	humming	to	herself.

Anne	grimaced.	If	there	was	anything	worse	than	moving	into	a	house,	it	had

to	be	someone	else	deciding	the	best	place	for	things.	She	went	to	grab	her	coat

and	 then	 decided	 against	 it.	 She’d	 take	 a	 quick	 shower	 and	 stop	 the	 young woman	before	she	got	too	far	into	it.	Anne	turned	this	way	and	that,	inspecting

her	hair	in	the	mirror	for	any	errant	pieces	of	lettuce	or	other	compost	material.

While	happy	not	to	find	any	more	fruit	or	vegetables,	she	did	notice	strands	of

gray	that	stood	out	against	the	darker	strands. Am	I	old?	When	did	that	happen?

Nah.

Finally	 in	 the	 shower,	 the	 warm	 water	 cascading	 down	 her	 back,	 Anne

paused	to	think.	Moving	at	forty-four	had	proven	physically	challenging.	Twenty years	 ago	 she	 wouldn’t	 have	 had	 these	 aches	 and	 pains.	 But	 with	 the	 constant strain	 of	 her	 marriage,	 the	 accident—no,	 she	 wouldn’t	 think	 about	 that—and little	 exercise,	 it	 was	 no	 wonder	 fatigue	 hit	 so	 hard.	 Well,	 it	 wouldn’t	 last	 for long.	She	couldn’t—no,	she	wouldn’t—let	it.	She	knew	her	own	strength	now.

Emerging	 from	 the	 shower,	 she	 opened	 a	 box	 marked	 herbal	 .	 Inside,	 she found	the	jar	of	comfrey	salve	and	applied	it	to	her	scraped	elbows	and	hands.

The	 compost	 had	 been	 soft,	 but	 she’d	 scratched	 them	 on	 the	 bushes	 as	 she’d fallen.	 Applying	 the	 soothing	 ointment	 on	 her	 skin	 brought	 comfort	 and	 she sighed	deeply.	Even	the	short	shower	had	done	its	magic.

Wiping	 the	 fog	 from	 the	 mirror,	 Anne	 checked	 her	 face	 for	 any	 dirt	 or scratches	 she’d	 missed.	 Even	 with	 so	 much	 time	 spent	 in	 the	 garden,	 she’d retained	 her	 pretty	 peaches-and-cream	 complexion.	 She	 combed	 the	 remaining tangles	 from	 her	 hair	 before	 pulling	 it	 into	 a	 top	 knot.	 She	 wrapped	 the	 towel back	around	her,	wishing	she’d	brought	clothes	into	the	bathroom	with	her.

She	 yawned.	 Between	 working	 late,	 poor	 sleep,	 and	 this	 morning’s	 fall,	 it was	no	wonder	she	was	so	tired.	Passing	into	her	bedroom,	she	looked	longingly

at	the	bed.	She	wanted	to	climb	back	under	the	covers	and	sleep	for	two	days.

Would	Kandi	get	the	hint	if	I	never	came	out?

Her	stomach	growled	again.	She	took	in	a	deep	breath	to	fortify	herself.

“Okay,	we	can	do	this.”

“Did	you	say	something?”	Kandi	called	to	her.

Anne	had	forgotten	that	her	room—the	old	maid’s	quarters—was	so	close	to

the	kitchen.

She	tried	to	make	her	voice	sound	cheery.	“Nothing.

Just	talking	to	myself.	Please,	don’t	feel	you	need	to	stay	on	my	account.”

“Oh,	no	worries.	I	have, like,	all	the	time	in	the	world.

Plus,	I	want	to	get	to	know	my	new	neighbor.”

Drat. Anne	pulled	on	a	soft	cotton	shift	and	headed	for	the	kitchen.

Kandi	 turned	 as	 Anne	 entered	 the	 room.	 “Wow.	 You	 look	 like	 one	 of	 those hippie	chicks.	Very	cool.”

“Thanks.”	Anne	motioned	to	the	counters,	now	completely	free	of	clutter.	“I

appreciate	your	help	but,	seriously,	you	don’t	need	to	do	anything.”

“Not	a	problem.	I	have	the	same	kitchen	arrangement	so	I	got	most	of	it	done

while	you	were	in	the	shower.”	Kandi	smiled	up	at	Anne.

“Thanks	 again.” Now	 I’ll	 have	 to	 redo	 everything.	 What	 is	 the	 matter	 with you?	This	girl	is	trying	to	help	you.

“Are	you	okay?”	Kandi’s	worried	face	came	into	view.	“I’m	sorry.	I’ve	been

very	tired	lately.	Probably	the	move	and	then	the	fall	this	morning.”

Kandi	 kept	 staring.	 “Um,	 okay.	 If	 you	 say	 so.”	 She	 held	 up	 two	 pieces	 of bread.	“I	didn’t	see	any	bread	so	I	ran	home	and	got	some.	Rye	or	spelt?	Or	if

you’re	 like	 me,	 you	 have	 a	 hard	 time	 choosing.	 I’ll	 make	 both.”	 She	 looked around.	“Toaster?”

Anne	grabbed	the	toaster	from	a	box	in	the	adjoining	room.	“What	can	I	do

to	help?”

“It’s	about	ready.	Sit	down	and	relax.”	Kandi	pointed	to	a	chair.

As	Kandi	worked,	Anne	watched	the	young	woman.	She	stood	at	least	four

to	six	inches	shorter	than	Anne.

Her	toned	arms	revealed	a	strong	workout	regimen.	Her	hair,	a	brilliant	red,

matched	the	bright	lipstick	she	wore.	Kandi’s	freckled	face,	along	with	dimples

when	 she	 smiled,	 explained	 Anne’s	 earlier	 impression	 of	 her	 youth.	 Yet

strangely,	the	way	she	took	command	of	the	situation	made	her	seem	much	older

than	 her	 years.	 While	 the	 girl	 may	 not	 have	 had	 much	 education,	 she	 was certainly	accomplished	in	the	commonsense	arts.

As	Kandi	moved	to	take	the	frittata	from	the	oven,	her	snug	T-shirt	rode	up.

Anne	glimpsed	the	tattoo	on	Kandi’s	back.	It	was	simply	the	word	 Past	.

What	 did	 that	 mean?	 She	 felt	 more	 intrigued	 by	 her	 and	 what	 the	 tattoo meant.	Anne	fiddled	with	a	paper	napkin	on	the	table.	She	had	to	be	cordial	no

matter	how	tired	or	sore	she	felt.	When	was	the	last	time	anyone	had	taken	such

good	care	of	her?	She	smiled	up	at	Kandi.	Kandi	returned	the	smile.	“I	see	you

looking	at	my	hair.	Like	it?	It’s	candy	apple	red.	Get	it?	Like	Kandi	is	my	name

—”

“I	get	it.	Cute.”

“I	told	Cheryl	to	do	something	fun	with	it	and	she	did!	Jeff	hates	it,	well…”

A	cloud	passed	over	her	features	before	she	brightened	again.	“Never	mind.	Isn’t

it	fun?”

Anne	nodded.

Kandi	laid	out	the	table.	From	a	bag	she	must	have	retrieved	while	Anne	was

in	the	shower,	she	pulled	a	jar	of	homemade	jam,	a	slab	of	butter,	cream,	and	a

carafe.

Please,	oh	patron	saint	of	tired	peoples,	let	that	be	coffee. Kandi	poured	the steaming	hot	coffee	into	a	mug	and	placed	one	in	front	of	Anne	and	one	at	her

own	place.

Then	she	cut	the	frittata	and	placed	it	on	a	plate	with	the	toast.

The	smells	of	the	rich	coffee	and	cheesy	frittata	wafted	in	the	air.	Anne	took

in	a	deep	breath	and	sighed	contentedly.	She’d	been	doing	that	a	lot	lately.	The

move	had	been	a	smart	decision.

“I’m	feeling	very	spoiled.	Thanks	for	everything.”	She	took	a	swig	of	the	hot

brew.

Setting	the	plate	in	front	of	Anne,	Kandi	sat	down.	“Aren’t	you	eating?”

“Nope,	 I’m	 on	 a	 new	 diet.	 Jeff’s	 been	 kidding	 me	 about	 getting	 a	 bit chubby.”

A	bit	chubby?	The	girl	was	probably	a	minus-zero	in	size—if	there	was	such

a	thing.

Kandi	 went	 on.	 “You	 know,	 got	 to	 keep	 the	 figure.	 It’s	 the	 three-one-zero diet.	 Heard	 of	 it?”	 The	 young	 woman	 cocked	 her	 head	 to	 the	 side,	 her	 four earrings	tinkling	as	she	did	so.	She	took	a	swig	of	black	coffee.	“So	you	eat	three meals	 one	 day,	 then	 only	 one	 meal	 the	 next	 day,	 and	 then	 no	 food	 on	 the	 third day,	then	repeat.	Plus	they	give	you	a	huge	list	of	foods	not	to	eat	so	you	don’t even	have	to	think	about	it.”	She	gazed	longingly	at	Anne’s	plate.

“Let	me	guess,”	Anne	replied.	“None	of	what’s	on	this	plate	is	okay	to	eat.

Look,	 there’s	 nothing	 wrong	 with	 your	 figure.	 You’re	 the	 perfect	 size	 for	 your height	and	you’re	pretty.	Not	to	mention	that	you	have	a	natural	talent	around	the kitchen	and	you’re	kind	to	strangers.”

“Really?”	Kandi	jumped	from	her	seat,	darted	around	the	table,	and	hugged

Anne,	who	groaned	from	the	strong	embrace.	She	must	have	twisted	something

in	 her	 back	 when	 she’d	 fallen.	 Then	 the	 stupid	 adolescent	 display	 with	 the nailbrush.	 She’d	 kick	 herself	 for	 the	 outburst	 but	 that	 would	 hurt	 even	 more.

With	Kandi	returning	to	her	seat,	Anne	massaged	the	spot	the	nailbrush	had	hit.

Anne	 focused	 on	 her	 coffee	 cup,	 pretending	 not	 to	 notice	 Kandi	 discreetly wipe	 tears	 from	 her	 eyes.	 After	 Kandi	 composed	 herself,	 Anne	 spoke.	 “Here’s the	thing,	Kandi.	I	eat	on	my	own	enough.	If	you	don’t	eat,	I	don’t	eat.”

For	the	love	of	all	that	is	good,	please	work.

Anne	shoved	the	plate	away.	She	raised	an	eyebrow	in	a	silent	“well?”	and

waited.

Kandi	frowned,	the	internal	debate	evident	in	her	face.	“I	don’t	want	you	to

go	without	because	of	me.”	She	grabbed	a	plate	and	filled	it.

Anne	let	out	her	breath.	She	pulled	the	plate	to	her	and	took	a	bite	of	the	egg

dish.	The	frittata,	perfectly	cooked,	was	delightfully	light	and	fluffy.	The	onions, peppers,	 and	 mushrooms	 worked	 together	 in	 an	 exquisite	 sensory	 experience.

The	bread’s	heavy	texture	provided	the	ideal	complement	for	the	creamy	butter

and	homemade	blackberry	jam.

“This	is	delicious,	Kandi.	You	 are	 a	wonderful	cook.”

Kandi	 deflected	 the	 compliment	 by	 shrugging	 her	 shoulders.	 “I’ve	 been

cooking	since	I	was	ten.”

Ten!	Curiouser	and	curiouser. Anne	stared	at	the	young	girl.

Seeing	sadness	pass	over	Kandi’s	face,	Anne	didn’t	respond.	“So	what’s	the

thing	with	my	neighbor—Ralph,	isn’t	it?”

Kandi	brightened	up.	“Yes.	Rotten	Ralph.	He’s	so	mean.”	She	took	a	swig	of

coffee	before	continuing.	“My	girls	don’t	mean	any	harm.	They’re	just, like,	you know,	 chickens.	 And	 they	 like	 his	 tomatoes.	 It’s	 not	 like	 he	 can’t	 grow	 more.

Though	we	do	have	a	super	short	growing	season.	But	nooooooo—he’s	like”—

she	stood	and	imitated	a	stern	male	voice,	“—I’m	going	to	kill	your	chicken	if

you	let	it	come	over	here	anymore.”

Anne	stifled	a	chuckle	as	Kandi	plopped	back	down	in	her	chair.

Kandi	 took	 a	 quick	 bite	 of	 toast	 before	 continuing.	 “He’s	 so	 mean	 to

everybody.	I	don’t	know	why,	but	if	he, like,	ever	hurts	one	of	my	girls,	I’ll	kill him!”	She	stabbed	her	fork	into	the	frittata.

Anne	 shook	 her	 head.	 The	 girl’s	 constant	 use	 of	 the	 word	 like	 drove	 her crazy.	 She	 felt	 like	 responding	 in	 kind	 “So, like,	 he	 hates	 your, like,	 chickens, and	 he	 isn’t	 very	 nice, like	 .”	 Instead	 she	 felt	 a	 tug	 on	 her	 heart	 for	 this	 part-woman,	part-child.

“Listen,	Kandi,	I	appreciate	everything	you’ve	done	for	me.	I	truly	do.	But	I

was	up	almost	all	last	night	getting	things	unloaded.	I	apologize	but	I’m	feeling	a bit	cranky,	and	I	think	I	need	to	ask	if	you’ll	excuse	me	so	I	can	get	some	rest.”

Kandi	 nodded.	 “I	 can	 tell.	 You	 go	 get	 in	 bed	 and	 I’ll	 clean	 up.”	 Kandi gathered	the	now-empty	plates.

“Thanks.	 Really.	 But	 you	 don’t	 need	 to	 do	 that.	 You’ve	 done	 enough.	 I’ll take	care	of	it	when	I	get	up.”

Kandi	 set	 down	 the	 dishes.	 “You	 are	 sore.	 I	 can	 tell.	 I’ll	 take	 care	 of everything.”	She	pointed	to	the	back	bedroom,	commanding,	“Now,	go!”

Too	 tired	 to	 argue	 with	 this	 little	 spitfire,	 Anne	 nodded	 and	 shuffled	 to	 the bedroom.	 This	 time	 she	 locked	 the	 door	 behind	 her.	 She	 wasn’t	 sure	 if	 she wanted	to	hug	the	young	woman	or	strangle	her,	but	she	was	simply	too	tired	to

deal	with	it.

Tomorrow	would	be	better	for	murder.





Chapter	Two

Lilac	 scent	 wafted	 through	 the	 open	 bedroom	 window.	 Anne	 fumbled	 for	 her phone	on	the	bedside	table.

Two	o’clock.

Great.	So	much	for	getting	anything	accomplished	today.

Anne	 stared	 at	 the	 ceiling.	 Had	 she	 dreamed	 the	 morning	 escapades?	 No.

She’d	 met	 Rotten	 Ralph,	 Kandi	 the	 Conversationalist,	 and	 Ralph’s	 nephew, Stewart	the	Smug.

She	 groaned	 as	 she	 forced	 herself	 to	 sit	 up.	 The	 wrinkled	 dress	 bunched around	her	legs,	and	she	pulled	to	untangle	its	folds.	Maybe	Kandi	had	left	the

coffee.	Anne	shuffled	to	the	kitchen,	a	loud	yawn	escaping	from	her	mouth.

Dishes	from	the	morning’s	breakfast	were	washed	and	put	away.	On	the	table

stood	 a	 mason	 jar	 full	 of	 sunflowers.	 A	 handwritten	 note	 on	 pink	 paper	 lay	 in front	of	it.

Dear	Anne,

Came	 by,	 but	 you	 were	 still	 sleeping.	 Didn’t	 want	 to	 wake	 you.	 I	 told everyone	 about	 you	 moving	 in,	 so	 they	 all	 wanted	 to	 contribute.	 In	 the	 fridge you’ll	find	some	of	Marge’s	goat	cheese,	milk	from	Sonny’s,	and	apples	from	the orchard	down	the	road.	Also	some	honey	from	Bill,	pickled	veggies	from	Velma, and	 some	 elderberry	 cordial	 from	 old	 lady	 Marie.	 Can	 you	 believe	 it?	 Even Rotten	 Ralph	 contributed	 some	 of	 his	 precious	 tomatoes.	 I	 could	 kill	 that	 man!

Oh,	Stew	says	if	you	need	anything,	let	him	know.	Kandi	XXOO

Anne	 set	 the	 note	 down	 and	 opened	 the	 previously	 empty	 fridge.	 It	 now contained	delightful	goodies.

How	in	the	world	did	I	not	hear	all	this	going	on?

Tears	 gathered.	 She	 sat	 down	 as	 they	 rolled	 down	 her	 cheeks.	 She’d	 been horrible	to	that	girl,	critiquing	everything	she’d	done	or	said.	Why?



What’s	the	matter	with	you?	This	is	the	second	time	you’ve	cried	today.	Pull

yourself	together	woman.

She	took	a	deep	breath.	But	the	tears	grew	to	deep	gut-wrenching	sobs.

I’m	 going	 crazy.	 That’s	 what.	 I’m	 finally	 free	 from	 Duke	 and	 his	 demands and	 now	 I	decide	to	go	crazy?

Wearily,	 she	 headed	 to	 the	 bedroom.	 She	 didn’t	 even	 remove	 her	 slippers before	launching	herself	onto	the	bed	and	back	into	a	deep	sleep.

By	 the	 time	 Anne	 woke,	 the	 room	 was	 cloaked	 in	 dappled	 shade	 from	 the tree	 outside	 her	 window.	 5:30.	 She’d	 make	 some	 coffee	 and	 then	 get	 at	 least	 a few	boxes	unpacked.

Anne	made	the	same	slow	shuffle	once	more	to	the	kitchen.

Her	back	door	stood	open.

She	didn’t	remember	leaving	it	open.	She	moved	to	close	it	when	a	shadowy

figure	on	the	porch	startled	her.	She	screamed.

Kandi	stepped	out	of	the	gloom.

Anne	flipped	on	the	switch,	bathing	the	dark	porch	with	light.	“What	are	you

doing?	You	scared	me	half	to	death!”

Kandi	giggled.	“Don’t	be	a-scared,	silly.	No	one, like,	locks	their	doors	here.

We	 all	 keep	 a	 lookout	 for	 strangers,	 and, like,	 probably	 eighty	 percent	 of	 the townsfolk	have	guns.	Hunters,	don’tcha	know.”

Kandi	 laughed	 and	 then	 became	 serious.	 “Bears	 are	 sometimes	 spotted

around	here	before	hibernation.	But	it’s	the	mountain	lions	that	have	most	people armed.	You	know, like,	just	in	case.”

Anne	shivered	at	the	idea	of	danger	so	close.	She’d	known	moving	to	a	small

Colorado	 mountain	 town	 would	 take	 getting	 used	 to,	 but	 this	 was	 more	 than she’d	 considered.	 Bears.	 Mountain	 lions.	 She	 peered	 into	 the	 gathering	 gloom and	deep	forest	at	the	edge	of	her	property.

Something	was	moving—no	running—in	the	brush.

Anne	called	out,	“It’s	a	bear!”

Kandi	turned	and	squinted.	She	laughed.	“Oh,	that’s	just	a	runner.	There’s	a

trail	 back	 there.	 People	 walk	 and	 run	 it	 all	 the	 time.	 It	 runs	 along	 our	 area	 and out	to	the	lake.”

She	pushed	past	a	shaken	Anne.	“I	came	by	to, like,	 look	 in	 and	 see	 if	 you needed	more	help.	You	weren’t	up	yet,	so	I	came	out	here	to	enjoy	the	view.

The	 young	 woman	 thrust	 out	 her	 neck,	 squinting.	 “You, like,	 don’t	 look	 so good.”

“I’m	 pretty	 sure	 you’ve	 already	 told	 me	 that	 once	 today.	 Thank	 you	 very much.”	Ugh.	There,	she	was	doing	it	again.	Snippy.	Anne	pulled	out	a	chair	and

sat	down.

“No.	I	mean	you	look	sick.	Do	you	feel	bad?”

Now	 that	 she’d	 mentioned	 it,	 Anne	 didn’t	 feel	 well.	 She’d	 attributed	 her fatigue	and	need	for	sleep	to	moving	stress,	all	the	work	yesterday,	plus	the	nasty tumble	into	the	compost.	But	maybe	there	 was	 more	to	it.	.	.

No,	too	many	projects.	No	time	to	be	sick.

“I’m	just	tired.”	She	ran	her	fingers	through	the	hair	that	had	fallen	loose.

The	young	woman	tilted	her	head	to	the	right	again,	a	cockatoo	with	flaming

red	feathers	sprouting	atop	her	head.

More	like	a	cuckoo	bird	that	drives	you	crazy	on	the	hour.

Anne	smiled	up	at	the	girl	who	grinned	back.

“Okay,	 that	 does	 it.	 ‘Get	 your	 shoes	 on,	 Sally,’	 cause	 we’re	 headed	 to	 the city.”

“Um,	what?”

She	swept	past	Anne,	making	a	beeline	to	the	mudroom.	The	small	room	had

most	 likely	 been	 the	 scullery	 in	 its	 day.	 Anne	 followed	 her	 out	 on	 the	 porch.

Kandi	picked	up	a	pair	of	clogs	Anne	had	worn	last	night.	They	were	covered	in

mud	and	muck.	She	thrust	them	at	Anne.	“Here,	stick	these	on.”

“I	have	to	comb	my	hair	and	put	on	something	else—”

“No	time.”	Kandi	grabbed	her	hand	and	half-dragged	Anne	down	the	steps.

Once	they	reached	the	gravel	driveway,	she	motioned	to	Anne.	“You	go	round	to

the	 front.	 I’ll	 meet	 you	 in	 the	 truck.”	 Kandi	 sprinted	 past	 the	 lilac	 hedge.	 “I’m taking	you	to	our	local	doc.”

Still	too	sleepy	and	disoriented	to	argue,	Anne	made	her	way	around	to	the

front	 of	 the	 house.	 Maybe	 she	 had	 the	 flu.	 She	 hadn’t	 been	 sleeping	 well.	 She felt	like	she	had	a	fever	and	the	next	minute,	chills.	Going	to	a	doctor	wasn’t	her priority,	 but	 she	 needed	 to	 figure	 out	 why	 she	 was	 feeling	 at	 odds	 and	 not herself.

Reaching	the	street,	Anne	spied	Stewart	stomping	away	from	Ralph’s	house.

Scowling,	he	strode	over	to	a	van	of	dubious	running	potential.	Painted	an	ugly

khaki	green,	bondo	plaster	covered	much	of	the	fender	area.	The	van	puffed	out

black	smoke	as	it	grudgingly	started	up.	The	vehicle	roared	to	life,	and	its	tires squealed	as	Stewart	reversed,	barely	missing	Ralph’s	mailbox.

As	 he	 left,	 Kandi	 pulled	 up	 in	 a	 shiny	 red	 Dodge	 pickup.	 Anne	 had	 barely closed	 the	 door	 when	 Kandi	 shifted	 into	 gear.	 “Geez,	 I	 wonder	 what’s	 got Stewart	all	hot	under	the	collar?	But,	whatever.	I	called	Hope,	and	she’s	agreed

to	take	a	look	at	you.	You’re	one	lucky	woman.	I	think	it’s	because	you’re	new

to	town.	Plus	I	begged	her	to	see	you.”	She	winked	at	Anne.

Anne	smiled	back	at	the	young	woman.	“Thanks,	Kandi.”

Kandi	continued	babbling,	though	Anne	sat	lost	in	her	own	thoughts.	Every

once	in	a	while,	words	would	come	through—herbs,	Main	Street,	mama,	witch

—wait,	 what?	 Before	 she	 could	 ask	 Kandi	 to	 repeat	 herself,	 they	 turned	 onto Main	Street.

This	 delightful	 avenue	 with	 its	 local	 shops	 had	 sold	 Anne	 on	 living	 here.

When	she	had	seen	the	town’s	name—Carolan	Springs—in	the	realtor	ad,	it	had

felt	like	a	sign.	Nobody	called	her	by	her	full	name,	Carole	Anne,	but	it	still	felt like	two	halves	coming	together	to	make	a	whole.

Small	compared	to	most	cities,	this	quaint	place	of	around	four	thousand	had

instantly	 soothed	 her	 hurting	 soul.	 Choosing	 to	 settle	 in	 a	 town	 with	 one	 main street	 and	 three	 major	 cross	 streets	 had	 made	 her	 happy.	 For	 the	 first	 time	 in	 a very	long	time,	she’d	felt	at	peace.

Even	better,	she	wasn’t	that	far	from	Main	Street.	No	tract	homes	here.	Rows

of	Victorian-style	houses	dotted	the	wide,	tree-lined	roads.	Her	own	little	cul-de-sac	 of	 such	 magnificent	 homes,	 reminiscent	 of	 an	 era	 long	 past,	 had	 made	 her decision	to	move	here	even	easier.	She	could	finally	live	in	an	older	home	like

she	 preferred	 instead	 of	 the	 modern	 glass	 and	 metal	 monstrosity	 Duke	 had insisted	on	during	their	marriage.	Even	better,	they	could	have	easily	walked	to

town,	 instead	 of	 making	 the	 ten-minute	 drive.	 Trails	 intersected	 throughout	 the area	providing	a	way	for	people	to	walk,	run,	or	bike	in	the	beautiful	Colorado

weather.

Kandi	 parked	 in	 front	 of	 a	 shop	 with	 a	 soft	 butter-	 yellow	 awning	 over	 the windows.	 The	 awning’s	 color	 echoed	 other	 shops	 down	 the	 street.	 Each	 shop presented	 its	 persona	 through	 its	 choice	 of	 designs	 and	 fonts.	 On	 this	 shop,	 a vines-and-flowers	 motif	 had	 been	 used	 with	 the	 words	 Herbal	 Lotions	 and Potions	 printed	in	a	fluid	script.

“Come	 on.	 She’s	 waiting.”	 Kandi	 beckoned,	 then	 stopped,	 glancing	 toward

her	left	as	a	woman’s	voice	carried	over	to	them.

“Who	would	have	done	this	most	horrible	deed?”	A	statuesque	woman,	her

skin	 the	 color	 of	 coffee	 with	 cream,	 stood	 a	 few	 spots	 up	 the	 street	 behind	 a silver	BMW.

The	 woman	 reached	 down	 with	 the	 grace	 of	 a	 ballerina	 and	 picked

something	off	the	street.	Straightening,	she	turned	toward	Kandi	and	Anne.	She

strode	toward	them	like	a	model	owning	the	runway	in	her	Ferragamos.

“Hel-lo.”	Her	exotic	voice	flowed	with	the	enunciation	of	each	syllable.	The

woman	nodded	at	Anne,	the	straightened	locks	of	her	bobbed	haircut	cupped	her

chin.

Anne	 cringed	 when	 she	 remembered	 her	 uncombed	 bed	 hair,	 her	 wrinkled and	stained	dress,	and	her	muddy	clogs.	Even	though	she	wanted	to	crawl	into	a

gutter,	far,	far	away	from	this	magnificent	creature,	Anne	felt	no	judgment	in	her eyes.	The	woman	smiled	She	smiled	back.

Instinctively,	 Anne	 liked	 this	 woman	 of	 propriety	 and	 beauty,	 even	 though they	couldn’t	have	been	more	different	in	appearance	or	manner.

“Hi,	Eliza.”	Kandi	slung	her	red	purse	onto	her	shoulder.

“Kandi,”	 she	 said	 in	 a	 lyrical,	 British-sounding	 accent,	 “did	 you	 happen	 to see	 who	 may	 have	 damaged	 my	 vehicle?”	 She	 held	 out	 a	 piece	 of	 red	 plastic.

“I’d	 left	 my	 car	 in	 town	 during	 my	 trip	 and	 it	 must	 have	 been	 hit	 sometime today.

“Sorry,	Eliza.	We	just	arrived.	What	happened?”

“It	appears	someone	has	backed	into	my	automobile,	and,	unfortunately,	left

no	 notice	 of	 insurance	 or	 contact	 information.	 As	 you	 can	 see	 my	 taillight	 is broken	and	my	bumper	damaged.”

“Let’s	 take	 a	 look.”	 Kandi	 led	 the	 way	 and	 crouched	 to	 look	 at	 the	 fender.

“Whoever	did	it,	looks	like	the	car	was	green.	So	that	means	it	could	be,	um,	Ms.

Alice—	 you	 know	 her	 daughter’s	 been	 after	 her	 to	 quit	 driving—	 Pete	 Owens, he	drives	a	green	Dodge,	Lori	Conner	has	a	green	Focus,	and,	like,	who	else,	I

remember,	someone	else,	um,	oh	yeah,	Rott—Ralph	Rogers.	You	should	call	the

police,	and,	like,	make	a	report.”

Carolan	Springs	might	be	small	but	it	has	to	have	more	than	four	green	cars.

What	is	Kandi	thinking?

Anne	rubbed	her	arms	as	a	chill	embraced	her.	These	days	she	was	either	hot

or	cold.	Maybe	she	did	have	the	flu.

“Most	 astute.	 Thank	 you,	 my	 darling	 Kandi.	 I’m	 sure	 that	 whoever	 did	 it may	 not	 have	 known	 they	 had	 hit	 my	 car.	 I	 will	 determine	 the	 best	 course	 of action	I	should	take	at	this	point.”

She	 turned	 to	 Anne.	 “I	 apologize	 for	 my	 lack	 of	 manners.	 I	 was—am—in

such	a	state.	Please	let	me	be	formally	introduced	to	you.	My	name	is	Eliza	de

French.”	 “Nice	 to	 meet	 you,	 Eliza.	 Anne	 Freemont.”	 She	 stuck	 out	 her	 hand, which	 looked	 short	 and	 stubby	 compared	 to	 Eliza’s	 long	 fingers,	 which	 were encased	 in	 a	 zebra-	 striped	 glove.	 The	 designer	 accessory	 coordinated	 with	 the blouse	the	woman	wore	underneath	her	couture	suit	jacket.

I	 remember	 well-made	 clothing.	 But	 I’ll	 take	 simple	 clothes	 and	 happiness any	day.

“It	is	my	pleasure	to	meet	you.	I	must	not	keep	you	from	your	appointment.	I

hope	we	will	meet	again	under	more	pleasant	circumstances.”	She	sashayed	back

to	her	vehicle.

“That	is	one	beautiful	woman,”	Anne	said	aloud	to	herself.

“Yes,	and	she’s	always	very	nice	too.”	Kandi	motioned	her	to	follow.

Anne	followed	as	Kandi	spoke	over	her	shoulder,	“We’ll	have	to	go	this	way

because	 Hope	 has	 closed	 up	 shop	 for	 the	 day.	 Come	 on.”	 She	 moved	 toward	 a narrow	 passage	 between	 the	 two	 buildings.	 They	 arrived	 at	 a	 side	 door	 painted bright	purple.	Vibrant	yellow	stars	sparkled	against	the	dark	background,	while	a smiling	moon	looked	down	on	them	from	an	upper	corner.	Kandi	rapped	on	the

door	and	waited.

The	 door	 opened	 to	 reveal	 an	 elderly	 woman,	 even	 shorter	 than	 Kandi,

whose	gray	hair	cascaded	over	one	shoulder	in	a	long	braid.	She	wore	a	flowing

orange	 caftan	 and	 turquoise	 slipper	 shoes.	 A	 big	 silver	 necklace	 and	 bracelet with	 the	 same	 gem	 completed	 the	 outfit.	 If	 Eliza’s	 smile	 had	 shown	 a	 gracious kindness,	this	woman’s	emanated	peace.

“Hi,	Miss	Faith.”	Kandi	gave	the	woman	a	light	kiss.

The	 woman	 called	 out,	 “Hope,	 your	 young	 friends	 are	 here.”	 The	 woman

disappeared	through	another	door	where	Anne	glimpsed	a	popular	reality	show

on	the	television.

A	 woman	 appeared,	 wiping	 her	 hands	 on	 a	 paper	 towel.	 She	 stood	 about

Anne’s	height,	just	shy	of	five-	foot-six,	and	her	chopped	brown	hair	lay	close	to her	head.	Her	russet	eyes	sparkled,	and	her	face	glowed	with	health.	She	wore	no

makeup	or	jewelry	except	for	a	quartz	crystal	pendant	around	her	neck.	“Hi.	You

must	be	Anne.	I’m	Hope.”	She	held	Anne’s	hand	in	both	of	her	own.

“Hello.	Nice	to	meet	you.	Sorry	to	intrude—”	Anne	replied.

“Not	intruding.	Right,	Hope?”	Kandi	interjected.	“You	go	ahead.	I’m	off	to

the	bathroom	and	a	quick	visit	with	Miss	Faith.”

Hope	 beckoned	 to	 Anne	 to	 follow	 her	 into	 the	 next	 room.	 “Okay,	 so	 let’s have	a	look	at	you.”	Hope	stared	at	Anne’s	face.	“Would	you	stick	your	tongue

out,	please?”	Hope	continued	her	cursory	examination,	asking	Anne	questions	as

she	went	along.	She	washed	her	hands,	faced	shelving	full	of	jars	and	boxes,	and

spoke	to	herself.	“Yes,	exactly.”

Exactly	what? She	heard	the	door	open	and	turned	to	see	Kandi	had	rejoined them.

Kandi	sat	down	in	a	straight-back	chair	in	the	corner	and	lifted	her	hand	over

her	 mouth.	 Hope	 laughed	 at	 Anne’s	 confusion	 about	 Kandi’s	 antics.	 “Kandi knows	 that	 I	 need	 people	 to	 be	 quiet	 so	 I	 can	 concentrate	 during	 exams.”	 She smiled	at	Kandi.	“That’s	more	of	a	challenge	for	some	people	than	others.”

Kandi	laughed	heartily,	then	clamped	her	hands	back	over	her	mouth.

“Now	we	just	need	hear	no	evil	and	see	no	evil.”	At	Anne’s	remark,	they	all

burst	out	in	laughter,	easing	the	tension	that	permeated	the	room.

Hope	returned	to	her	task	and	moved	from	one	area	to	another,	adding	herbs to	 a	 small	 container.	 From	 a	 woodstove	 in	 the	 corner,	 she	 took	 a	 teapot	 and poured	water	into	a	cup.	After	Hope	added	the	herbal	brew	to	the	cup,	a	fragrant

aroma	filled	the	air.

She	turned	over	a	tea	timer,	the	sand	pouring	through	to	the	bottom.	As	the

last	bit	of	sand	fell	through	on	the	timer,	she	removed	the	tea	ball	and	handed	the steaming	cup	to	Anne.	“Drink.”

Anne	took	a	sip.	It	had	a	bitter	taste	but	also	a	sweet	note	at	the	end.	“What

—”

“No	 talking	 until	 you	 finish.	 And	 no	 need	 to	 hurry.	 Take	 your	 time.	 We’ll wait.”	She	motioned	Kandi	to	join	her	and	the	two	left	the	room.

Anne	 sank	 back	 into	 the	 overstuffed	 chair.	 The	 tea’s	 warmth	 soothed	 and calmed	her.	She’d	almost	finished	the	cup	when	Hope	returned.

“So,”	 began	 Hope,	 plunking	 herself	 down	 on	 a	 rolling	 stool,	 “tired,	 weepy, brain	fog,	missed	periods?”	Anne	nodded	as	Hope	continued.	“And	when	did	the

fall	happen?”

Anne	 stared	 at	 her.	 This	 woman	 must	 be	 a	 psychic.	 “I…I—”	 Anne	 tried	 to gather	her	thoughts.	Definitely	weepy.	Tired.	Forgetful.

Hope	continued.	“How	long	have	you	been	going	through	menopause?”

“Wha—I’m	not…noooo.”	She	shook	her	head.	“Am	I?”

Hope	 patted	 her	 hand.	 “Yes.	 It	 affects	 each	 woman	 differently	 but	 we	 all experience	the	change	when	we	move	from	fertility	to	crone.”

She	just	called	me	a	crone. Anne’s	anger	bubbled.	She	started	to	rise.

“Yep,	 you’ve	 got	 it.	 Indignant	 over	 little	 things.	 By	 the	 way,	 crone	 isn’t	 a derogatory	term.	It’s	just	you	coming	into	the	age	of	wisdom.	How	do	you	feel,

by	the	way?”

“Better.”	Anne	relaxed	back	into	the	chair.

“Great.	I	wanted	to	test	out	that	herbal	combination	before	I	gave	you	some

to	take	with	you.”	She	rolled	the	stool	away	from	the	chair	and	stood	up.	Anne

rose	 and	 set	 the	 cup	 down	 on	 the	 adjacent	 table.	 Hope	 handed	 Anne	 a	 bag	 of herbal	tea	mix.

“You	 need	 to	 come	 back	 and	 see	 me.	 We’ll	 take	 a	 more	 detailed	 medical history,	have	some	blood	work	done,	and”—she	squeezed	Anne’s	arm—“get	you

some	hormonal	help.	As	for	your	fall,	take	a	long	bath	with	Epsom	salts	and	use

this.”	She	grabbed	a	packet	from	under	the	counter	marked	 arnica	.	“You’ll	feel much	better	tomorrow.”

“How	did	you	know	I	fell?”

She	smiled.	“The	old-fashioned	way.	Kandi	told	me.

Plus,	you’re	limping	a	bit.”

She	then	hugged	her,	which	made	Anne	tear	up	again.	Hope	pulled	back	and looked	into	Anne’s	face,	“Menopause.”

Anne	had	expected	change,	but	not	quite	like	this.

That	set	her	to	some	real	crying.

Anne	 tore	 off	 the	 calendar	 page.	 Had	 it	 already	 been	 almost	 a	 month?	 She smiled	as	she	poured	steaming	coffee	into	her	mug.	As	she	had	done	on	almost

every	morning	since	arriving,	she	marveled	at	the	lovely	forest	view	through	her

kitchen	window.	The	sun	cast	a	beautiful	glow	over	the	backyard	as	it	welcomed

the	day.	Last	night’s	rain	had	made	everything	clean	and	fresh.	Though	the	first

few	weeks	had	been	a	bit	hectic,	things	were	finally	coming	together,	and	many

boxes	were	now	empty	of	their	contents.	Pushing	up	her	sweater	sleeves,	Anne

added	 cream	 to	 her	 cup.	 Cupping	 the	 mug	 in	 both	 hands,	 she	 took	 a	 sip.	 Anne sighed,	content	with	life.

She	 set	 the	 cup	 on	 the	 counter	 so	 she	 could	 open	 the	 window	 wider.	 As	 it moved	up	the	track,	Anne	heard	Kandi’s	voice	from	Ralph’s	yard.

“Stop!	Nooooo,	stop!”

The	rebel	hen	must	have	gotten	out	of	the	run—again.

Ralph	isn’t	going	to	be	happy.

Let	 the	 axe	 fall	 where	 it	 may.	 She	 had	 no	 intention	 of	 heading	 over	 and joining	 the	 melee	 this	 time.	 If	 it	 was	 on	 a	 chicken’s	 neck,	 so	 be	 it.	 She	 took another	 swig	 of	 the	 welcome	 morning	 brew	 and	 waited	 for	 the	 exchange

between	Kandi	and	Ralph.

Instead	only	the	whisper	of	wind	came	through	the	window.

Too	quiet.

The	 hairs	 on	 her	 arm	 stood	 up.	 She	 cocked	 her	 ear	 toward	 the	 window.	 No sound.	She	stood	still,	listening.	Her	stomach	knotted.

A	piercing	scream. Kandi.

The	 distress	 within	 the	 scream	 shocked	 Anne.	 The	 mug	 slipped	 from	 her

hand	 and	 broke	 on	 the	 sink	 edge.	 Coffee	 splattered	 on	 the	 counter	 and	 floor.

Without	 a	 moment’s	 hesitation,	 Anne	 dashed	 out	 the	 back	 door	 and	 sprinted across	the	yard.

Kandi’s	cries	grew	more	frantic.	“No,	no.	Help!

Somebody!	Help!”

Ralph	 must	 have	 killed	 the	 chicken. Ralph,	 it’s	 just	 tomatoes.	 If	 you	 killed Kandi’s	chicken,	I’m	going	to	kill	you.

Anne	sprinted	across	the	yard.	As	she	rounded	the	hedge,	she	stopped	short.

On	her	knees	at	the	edge	of	the	compost	pile,	Kandi	rocked	back	and	forth,

staring	down	at	her	hands.	Blood	stained	her	palms.	Her	beige	pants,	now	dark

with	horrific	markings,	revealed	where	she’d	tried	to	wipe	blood	off	her	hands.

Anne	 gasped	 when	 she	 saw	 Ralph	 on	 his	 back	 in	 the	 compost	 pile,	 staring unseeing	into	the	sky,	his	shirt	saturated	in	blood.





Chapter	Three

“Kandi.”	 Anne	 took	 a	 step	 forward.	 Their	 eyes	 met.	 Kandi	 stared	 down	 at	 her hands	and	shivered	violently.	She	whimpered.

Anne	 rushed	 over	 and	 knelt	 beside	 her.	 Goading	 Kandi	 to	 move	 back	 from the	 pile,	 Anne	 knelt	 next	 to	 her	 and	 helped	 her	 scoot	 back.	 As	 she	 stood	 and brushed	 off	 the	 damp	 knees	 of	 her	 pants,	 Anne’s	 foot	 slipped.	 She	 stumbled.

Ralph	needs	to	stabilize	this	compost	area.

What	am	I	thinking?	He	will	never	fix	anything	again.

With	a	quick	glance	at	Kandi,	Anne	ran	back	to	her	house.	She	grabbed	her

cell	phone.	Shakily,	she	punched	in	9-1-1.

A	woman	answered.	“Sheriff’s	office.	What	is	your	emergency?”

“I	want	to	report	a—” A	what,	an	accident?	A–no,	it	can’t	be—a	murder?

“Hello.	Ma’am.	What’s	your	name?”	The	voice	crisp	and	concise.

“Anne.	I’m	Anne.” It’s	so	cold.

“Okay,	Anne.	Where	are	you	calling	from?”	“From	my	phone.”	Anne’s	hand

shook.

“Ma’am,	I	understand	you	are	calling	from	a	phone.

Where	 are	you?”

Why	is	the	room	spinning?

“Ma’am?	Hello—Anne.	Are	you	still	there?”

“Yes.	 I	 don’t…	 I	 don’t	 feel	 very	 well.”	 Anne	 struggled	 to	 concentrate.	 Bile rose	in	her	throat.

“Are	you	standing?”	The	woman’s	voice	sounded	like	it	was	in	a	tunnel.

“Yes.”	Anne	wiped	at	her	brow,	now	clammy	to	the	touch.

“Please	sit	down	now,	and	put	your	head	between	your	legs.	But	 do	not	 hang up.	Understand?”

“Yes.”	Anne	sat	down	just	as	her	legs	gave	way.	She	bent	over	and	tried	to

take	deep	breaths.

“Ma’am—Anne?	Are	you	there?	Can	you	put	your	phone	on	speaker?”

Anne	nodded.	“Done.”

“Anne,	now	can	you	tell	me	where	you	are	located?”	“I’m	in	the	kitchen.	I

mean,	470	Drury	Lane.”	She	tried	to	focus.

“Good.	Now	can	you	tell	me	what	the	problem	is?”	“Ralph’s	dead.”	Anne’s

voice	was	quiet.

“And	who	is	Ralph?”	the	woman	asked	in	a	crisp	voice.

“My	neighbor.	Mr.	Rogers.”	Anne’s	voice	caught	as	she	spoke.

Silence	on	the	other	end.

She	thinks	I’m	kidding.

Angrily,	 Anne	 spat	 out	 “This	 isn’t	 a	 joke.	 My	 neighbor,	 Ralph	 Rogers,	 is dead!”	She	broke	down	crying.

“Ma’am,	 it’s	 going	 to	 be	 okay.	 We	 have	 officers	 on	 their	 way.	 Just	 stay	 in your—”

“Oh,	no.	Kandi!”	Anne	shook	herself	back	to	attention.	Her	heart	raced.

“Ma’am?	Hello,	hello?	Stay	with	me,	Anne.”

Anne	 didn’t	 answer.	 Grabbing	 the	 phone,	 she	 shot	 out	 of	 the	 back	 door, yelling,	“Kandi,	I’m	coming!”	She	sprinted	across	the	yard	and	past	the	bushes.

Kandi	 was	 still	 on	 her	 knees,	 clutching	 her	 arms	 tightly	 to	 herself,	 rocking back	and	forth.	The	blood	on	her	hands	smeared	her	shirt	sleeves.	Kandi’s	teeth

chattered,	and	her	lips	looked	bluish.	“You	left	me!	How	could	you	do	that	to	me

again?”	Tears	rolled	down	her	cheeks.

She’s	going	into	shock.

Anne	 dropped	 the	 phone	 into	 her	 sweater	 pocket.	 She	 came	 around	 behind Kandi	and	pulled	her	into	an	embrace.	“It’s	okay.	I’m	here	now.	Help’s	coming,”

she	 whispered.	 She	 smoothed	 Kandi’s	 hair	 off	 her	 forehead	 and	 intoned,	 “its okay,	its	okay,”	as	she	rocked	the	young	woman.

Sirens	called	from	the	distance.

“Help’s	 coming.	 We’re	 okay.”	 Soon	 she	 heard	 the	 squealing	 of	 tires	 on

gravel	and	people	scrambling	around	her	yard.

She	 turned	 her	 head	 and	 bellowed,	 “We’re	 over	 here!”	 A	 man	 in	 a	 blue uniform	rounded	the	clump	of	bushes.	Kandi	turned	and	buried	her	face	against

Anne,

seeking	refuge	as	a	chick	does	with	a	mother	hen.

Men	and	women	in	uniforms	rushed	toward	them.	Two	of	them	eased	Anne

away	 from	 Kandi.	 They	 led	 her	 toward	 a	 stand	 of	 aspens.	 Others	 bent	 over Ralph,	checking	for	signs	of	life.

Trying	to	focus	her	jumbled	thoughts,	Anne	welcomed	a	soft	blanket	being



placed	over	her	shoulders.	At	the	same	time,	someone	spoke	to	her	from	a	deep

well.	Even	with	the	blanket,	she	felt	so,	so	cold.	Dizzy.

Out	 of	 the	 corner	 of	 her	 eye,	 she	 thought	 she	 could	 see	 Hope. Why	 is	 she here?	Was	that	fear	on	her	face?	What	would	Hope	be	afraid	of?	Am	I	imagining things?

A	man	spoke.	“Call	it.	Time	of	death—seven	twenty-	five	a.m.”

Kandi’s	scream	punctured	the	air.	The	world	turned	black.

Anne	awoke	to	a	flash	of	light	in	front	of	her	eyes.	She	blinked	and	moved

her	head,	which	brought	back	the	dizziness. What	happened? She	tried	to	sit	up.

“Nope,	not	yet,”	a	man	chided.	“You’ve	had	a	shock.	You	fainted,	but	you’re

okay.	You’re	going	to	be	fine.	Just	lie	there	for	a	little	while	longer.”

Anne	opened	her	eyes	and	spied	a	man	beside	her.	As	her	gaze	dropped,	she

saw	 a	 masculine	 hand	 wrapped	 around	 her	 own.	 He	 squeezed	 her	 hand	 with	 a light	reassurance.	She	moved	her	gaze	upward	until	her	eyes	rested	on	the	man’s

face.	Light	brown	stubble	covered	the	lower	part	of	his	face,	but	it	failed	to	hide the	dimple	that	grew	more	pronounced	as	his	smile	widened.

Where	am	I?	What’s	going	on? She	blinked,	trying	to	clear	her	mind.

Her	 leaden	 eyelids	 refused	 to	 stay	 open.	 She	 blinked	 again.	 Giving	 up	 the fight,	she	closed	her	eyes,	only	to	have	someone	shake	her	arm.

“Stop.”	She	pulled	away	from	the	hand.	“Tired.

Sleep.”

“Sorry,	no	sleep	for	you	for	a	bit.”	The	man	cajoled	in	a	soothing	voice,	“I

bet	you’re	hungry.	Doesn’t	some	breakfast	sound	good?”

Anne	 heard	 the	 distinctive	 rip	 of	 a	 blood	 pressure	 cuff	 being	 pulled	 off	 her arm.

“Go	’way.”	She	tried	to	jerk	her	hand	free.	“No	can	do.	Can	you	tell	me	your

name?”	“Anne	Freemont.”

“Okay,	Ms.	Freemont.	Can	you	tell	me	the	day?”

“Today.”

“Yes.	It’s	today.	But	what	day	is	it?”

Anne	 rolled	 her	 eyes	 upward,	 as	 if	 the	 elusive	 day	 could	 be	 found	 there, sitting	atop	her	head.	“The	twelfth?”

“Okay.”	She	heard	a	soft,	suppressed	chuckle.	“I	meant	the	day,	not	the	date,

but	that	works	too.	I	think	you’re	going	to	be	fine.	Do	you	want	to	try	and	sit	up now?”

Anne	nodded.



Guiding	 hands	 supported	 her	 until	 she	 was	 upright.	 Strong	 arms	 bore	 the weight	 of	 her	 back	 and	 she	 leaned	 heavily	 on	 them.	 The	 man	 smelled	 like buttered	popcorn.	She	took	in	a	deep	breath.	“Yum.	Tasty	snack.”

Another	soft	chuckle	tickled	her	ear,	then	she	heard	him	say	under	his	breath,

“Thanks	for	the	compliment.”

What	the	heck	is	he	talking	about?	Popcorn	really	sounds	good.

“Can	I	have	some?”	She	might	feel	better	if	she	ate	something	salty.

“Some	 what,	 ma’am?”	 a	 woman	 interjected.	 As	 she	 moved	 from	 her

position,	Anne	could	see	the	woman’s	face,	serious	and	intent.	“Do	you	want	us

to	transport	you	to	the	hospital	for	evaluation?”

Anne	tried	again	to	clear	her	mind	of	the	lingering	fog.	“No.	I	don’t	need	a

hospital.	I	just	want	to	sit,	I	mean,	stand	up.”

The	man	and	 woman,	dressed	in	 identical	dark	blue	 EMT	uniforms,	helped

her	up.	As	Anne	struggled	to	stand,	her	legs	moved	like	those	of	a	newborn	filly

finding	its	balance	for	the	first	time.	Swaying	for	a	moment,	she	held	her	ground.

The	morning’s	events	returned	with	a	vengeance.

She	swiveled	around,	taking	in	the	scene.	To	her	left,	crime	specialists	were

working	within	the	taped-off	compost	area	while	the	sheriff’s	department	talked

to	onlookers:	a	few	local	reporters,	some	of	the	neighbors.	But	something—no,

someone—was	missing.

“Kandi!	 Where’s	 Kandi?”	 A	 renewed	 energy	 coursed	 through	 her.	 She

wrestled	away	from	the	strong	arms.

“Ms.	Freeman,	we’ll	need	to	ask	you	some	questions.”	A	man	had	appeared

on	 her	 right.	 He	 opened	 a	 wallet	 to	 show	 his	 official	 identification.	 Bradley Everett.	Carolan	Springs	Police	Department.

“Not	 until	 I	 find	 Kandi.	 Where’s	 Kandi?	 She’s	 about	 this	 tall,	 bright	 red hair…”	 Anne’s	 arm	 moved	 awkwardly	 as	 she	 stumbled	 backward.	 The	 EMTs

caught	her	arms	again	and	led	her	to	a	gurney	parked	nearby.

A	uniformed	officer	spoke,	“Kandi	Jenkins	has	been	taken	in	for	evaluation

and	questioning.”

After	 Anne’s	 refusal	 to	 be	 taken	 to	 the	 hospital,	 the	 woman	 EMT	 had

escorted	 her	 back	 to	 her	 kitchen.	 The	 warmth	 of	 the	 room	 enveloped	 her	 and chased	away	the	chill	of	the	morning.

The	other	EMT—Popcorn-man—brewed	a	fresh	pot	of	bitter,	strong	coffee,

which	 made	 Anne	 grimace,	 but	 its	 heat	 warmed	 and	 revived	 her.	 The	 police detective	sat	across	from	her	at	the	scrubbed	butcher-block	table,	and	an	officer

stood	sentinel	by	the	door.

The	detective	pulled	a	notepad	from	his	pocket.	“You	ready	to	answer	some

questions,	Ms.	Freemont?”

“Do	I	need	a	lawyer?”

“That’s	for	you	to	decide.”	Detective	Everett	clicked	his	pen.

“No	more	lawyers,”	Anne	murmured.	“What?”

“No.	I’m	fine.	Thanks.”

“Okay,	 I	 just	 need	 you	 to	 tell	 me	 everything	 you	 can	 remember	 from	 this morning,	before	you	fainted	and	hit	your	head.”

“I	 hit	 my	 head?”	 Anne	 reached	 up	 and	 felt	 the	 back	 of	 her	 head.	 She grimaced.

“Yes,	you	did,”	Popcorn-man	replied.

The	investigator	shot	him	a	keep-your-mouth-	shut	glance.	Detective	Everett

continued.	 “Let’s	 start	 with	 some	 basics.	 How	 long	 have	 you	 lived	 in	 Carolan Springs?”

“Just	 about	 a	 month.”	 Anne	 scooted	 back	 in	 her	 chair.	 She	 started	 to	 wrap her	arms	around	herself	but	thought	better	of	it.	Her	stained	hands	rested	on	the table	and	she	realized	with	a	shudder	that	it	must	be	blood.	She	struggled	with

the	urge	to	vomit.

“Were	you	friendly	with	Ralph	Rogers?”

“I	only	met	him	once.”	Anne	wrapped	her	hands	around	the	still-warm	mug

which	helped	calm	her	nerves.

Everett	looked	up	from	his	notepad.	“When	was	that?”

“The	day	after	I	moved	in.”	“Not	since?”	He	stared	at	her.

“I’ve	 been	 busy	 with	 unpacking	 and	 trying	 to	 get	 things	 in	 place	 with contractors.”	Anne	felt	a	twinge	of	guilt.	“I	mean	we	waved	and	said	hi	when	we

got	the	mail,	but	that	was	about	it.”

“Okay.	So	back	to	the	day	you	met	him.	He	came	over	here,	or	you	went	to

his	house?”

“I	went	there	when	I	heard	Kandi	scream—”	Anne	caught	herself.

The	 room	 became	 silent.	 She	 felt	 trapped	 in	 their	 gaze.	 Anne	 took	 a	 deep swallow	 of	 the	 coffee	 to	 consider	 her	 response. What	 were	 you	 thinking?	 You can’t	say	you	found	Kandi	and	Ralph	fighting	with	her	hands	grasping	an	axe.

“You	were	saying	you	heard	a	scream?”	He	urged	her	to	respond.

Detective	Everett	sat	silently,	waiting	for	her	to	continue.	Pen	poised.

“She	 wanted	 to	 get	 her	 chicken	 back	 in	 its	 run,	 before	 it	 got	 to	 Ralph’s garden.	No	big	deal,	really.”

“Oh,	 okay.”	 His	 tone	 of	 voice	 relayed	 that	 the	 incident	 most	 likely	 bore	 no importance.

“Was	there	any	animosity	between	Ms.	Jenkins	and	Mr.	Rogers?”

Anne	took	another	long	drag	on	her	coffee. Kandi	seems	like	a	nice	kid.	No

way	did	she	kill	Ralph	over	a	dumb	chicken.	But	you	were	fooled	once	before.

Anne’s	 need	 to	 reply	 was	 delayed	 by	 an	 officer	 coming	 up	 the	 back	 porch stairs.	 Everett	 got	 up	 and	 went	 to	 the	 door.	 The	 officer	 followed	 him	 outside, shutting	the	door	behind	him.	Words	drifted	in	through	the	open	kitchen	window.

Anne	 strained	 to	 hear	 the	 conversation.	 Thankfully,	 Popcorn-man	 had

followed	them,	so	he	couldn’t	distract	her.

“We	believe	we	found	the	weapon	used	to	kill—”

Everett	interrupted	him	and	said	something	she	couldn’t	make	out.

The	newcomer	continued,	his	voice	quieter,	but	Anne	still	caught	some	of	his

words— bloody	axe,	tossed	in	bushes,	Jenkins	.

Everett	reentered	the	room	followed	by	the	others	and	sat	down.

A	 crime	 scene	 investigator	 arrived.	 “Brad,	 you	 might	 want	 to	 see	 this.”

Between	latex-gloved	fingers,	he	held	a	pink	piece	of	paper	in	an	evidence	bag.

The	officer	took	it	from	the	CSI	and	handed	it	to	the	detective.	“We	discovered	it by	the	lilac	bushes,	along	with	some	other	papers.”

“Do	you	recognize	this,	Ms.	Freemont?”	He	held	it	out	for	her	inspection.

“Ahhh,	ummm,	it’s	to	me.”	Anne	recognized	Kandi’s	note.

She	tried	to	make	light	of	it.	“It	must	have	blown	there	when	my	recycling

tipped	over.	I’ll	make	sure	it	doesn’t	happen	again.	A	pass	on	any	littering	fine, okay?”	She	smiled	coyly	and	reached	out	to	secure	the	note.

The	note	she	knew	bore	the	childish	scribble	and	simple	reminder	of	a	warm

neighborly	 welcome.	 That	 kindness	 eclipsed	 by	 what	 Anne	 also	 recalled	 had been	written	in	jest—‘I	could	just	kill	him.’

“It’s	evidence.”	The	CSI	went	back	outside,	taking	the	note	with	him.

No.	It	can’t	be.	Kandi	wouldn’t	kill	Ralph.	Why	would	she	do	it?	It	makes	no

sense.	 Her	 motive	 couldn’t	 be	 a	 chicken.	 Though	 people	 have	 killed	 for	 much less,	sometimes	for	no	reason	whatsoever.	Had	she?	Maybe	in	a	fit	of	anger?	Or an	accident?	No,	not	Kandi.	This	doesn’t	make	sense.

Everett	interrupted	her	thoughts.	“Anything	more	you	want	to	tell	me	about

Kandi	or	the	chicken	getting	into	Mr.	Rogers’s	garden?”

Anne	needed	to	buy	some	time	to	think.	She	grabbed	the	edge	of	the	table,

swaying	in	her	seat,	as	she	let	out	a	high-pitched,	“Whoa,	dizzy...”	Keeping	one

hand	on	the	table,	she	moved	her	right	hand	to	her	forehead,	closing	her	eyes.

“Brad,	I	told	you	to	wait	and	question	her	later.	She	took	a	pretty	good	knock

to	the	head.”	Popcorn-man	must	have	returned.

“Okay.”	Detective	Everett	shut	his	notepad	and	rose	from	his	chair.	“Here’s

my	 card,	 Ms.	 Freemont.	 We’re	 the	 assisting	 organization	 for	 this	 area.	 You’re

technically	part	of	the	county	versus	the	city.	So	the	Sheriff	will	be	finalizing	this investigation.”

Anne	mumbled,	“Okay,”	and	kept	up	the	undulating	motion,	even	though	the

swaying	made	her	dizzy	for	real.

As	soon	as	the	officers	left,	Popcorn-man	sat	down	and	said,	“You	can	quit

the	acting	now.”

Anne	regarded	him	with	a	‘whatever	do	you	mean’	look.

“I…I—”	She	stopped	moving.

“Don’t	try	to	con	me.	I	know	what’s	real	and	what	isn’t.”

She	blushed	at	being	caught	out. So	 much	 for	 an	 acting	 career. “Okay,	 you got	me—”

“Sam.	I’m	Sam	Powers.”

“Listen,	 Sam.	 My	 thoughts	 were	 all	 jumbled.	 I	 didn’t	 want	 to	 say	 anything that	could	be	misconstrued.”

“I	 get	 it.”	 He	 pulled	 the	 cap	 from	 his	 head,	 brushed	 back	 his	 brown	 wavy hair,	 and	 put	 the	 hat	 back	 on	 with	 a	 deft	 movement.	 Reaching	 behind	 him,	 he pulled	out	papers	from	a	backpack	he’d	slung	over	the	chair.

“Here	are	instructions	for	the	next	twenty-four	hours.	If	any	of	the	symptoms

on	 this	 list	 occur,	 then	 you’ll	 need	 to	 give	 us	 a	 call.	 Since	 we’re	 a	 small	 town, we’re	basically	your	emergency	room	team.	No	hospital	here.	Since	you	refused

additional	 treatment,	 you	 do	 need	 to	 go	 see	 your	 doctor	 tomorrow,	 just	 to	 get checked	over.	Who’s	your	doctor?”

“I	don’t	have	one	yet.	I	haven’t	been	in	town	long.	The	only	person	that	has

seen	me	is	Hope.”	Anne	initialed	the	paperwork	he	set	before	her.

Sam	took	the	paperwork	and	handed	her	a	copy.	“She’s	great.	You	can	go	to

her.	She’s	an	M.D.	as	well	as	a	naturopath.	We’re	lucky	to	have	her.	Best	of	both worlds—natural	 and	 allopathic	 medicine	 combined.	 Anyway,	 she’ll	 make	 sure you’re	good	to	go.	Well,	I’m	off.”

He	scratched	at	the	stubble	of	the	day’s	beard.	“See	you	round,	but	hopefully

not	back	on	the	ground.”

“Oh,	a	real	comedian.	Ha-ha.”

He	grinned,	tipped	his	cap,	and	left.





Chapter	Four

After	 the	 initial	 shock	 of	 Ralph’s	 death,	 things	 calmed	 down	 for	 a	 few	 weeks.

Then	 reports	 were	 leaked	 to	 the	 press.	 Ralph	 had	 sustained	 trauma	 to	 his	 mid-section,	most	likely	caused	by	a	sharp	instrument,	but	the	official	cause	of	death had	been	blood	loss.

Anne	 took	 a	 deep	 breath,	 reliving	 the	 moment	 when	 she’d	 heard	 about	 the medical	 examiners	 verdict	 of	 homicide.	 The	 evidence	 appeared	 strong	 against Kandi.	An	axe	found	in	her	yard	fit	the	wound.	Worst	of	all,	Kandi’s	DNA	was

found	on	the	axe	handle,	on	Ralph’s	clothing,	and	at	the	crime	scene.	Other	than

Ralph’s	fingerprints,	Kandi’s	were	the	only	ones	found	on	the	axe.	Coupled	with

the	note	about	killing	Ralph,	it	had	only	been	a	matter	of	time	before	Kandi	had

been	arrested	on	suspicion	of	murder.

For	 Anne,	 seeing	 the	 sweet	 and	 kind-hearted	 Kandi	 being	 taken	 away	 in

handcuffs	 had	 been	 devastating.	 It	 seemed	 like	 a	 bad	 dream	 where	 you	 can’t wake	up.

After	Kandi	had	been	arrested	and	booked,	she’d	placed	a	call	to	Anne	from

jail.	With	a	heartbreaking,	desperation	in	her	voice,	Kandi	begged	Anne	to	come

visit	her.	Reluctantly,	Anne	had	agreed	and	the	day	had	arrived.

Anne	 didn’t	 know	 what	 to	 expect	 as	 she	 walked	 into	 the	 city’s	 detention center.	The	walls	were	painted	in	the	latest	cast-off	colors	of	the	local	hardware store.	She	entered	to	see	a	thick	glass	window	with	a	speaker	mounted	in	it.

To	its	left,	there	was	an	imposing	metal	door	with	a	guard	looking	through	its

small	window.	A	row	of	plastic	chairs	sat	along	one	wall,	and	a	pot	filled	with

coffee	 of	 doubtful	 provenance	 sat	 on	 a	 cart.	 Some	 news	 story	 played	 on	 the television	 screen	 mounted	 in	 the	 far	 corner,	 the	 muted	 sound	 like	 that	 of	 an incessantly	buzzing	insect.

Two	people	hovered	at	the	coffee	cart.	The	woman	poured	fake	creamer	out

of	a	bent	cardboard	container	into	a	cup.	Next	to	her,	a	young	man	in	his	early teens	looked	up	as	Anne	passed.	The	woman,	most	likely	the	boy’s	grandmother,

responded	to	his	request	for	the	sugar.	“You’ll	be	lucky	if	I	don’t	give	you	some real	lumps.	I’m	so	fed	up…”

Anne	quick-stepped	past	the	pair	to	the	window.	A	solidly	built	woman,	her

hair	pulled	back	tightly	into	a	bun,	strode	to	the	window.

Anne	smiled.

The	woman	didn’t.	“Yes?”

“I’m	here	to	see	Kandi	Jenkins.”	“Name?”	The	woman	glared	at	her.	“Anne

Freemont.”

The	woman	pulled	a	clipboard	off	the	wall	above	the	desk	and	scanned	the

list	using	her	finger.	“Okay.	Take	a	seat.”

While	 Anne	 waited,	 she	 reflected	 on	 how	 much	 her	 life	 had	 become

entwined	 with	 Kandi’s.	 Before	 Ralphs’	 murder	 and	 Kandi	 had	 been	 arrested,	 it had	 become	 almost	 a	 daily	 ritual	 for	 the	 young	 woman	 to	 show	 up	 for	 a	 quick chat	 over	 coffee	 in	 the	 morning	 or	 a	 cup	 of	 tea	 in	 the	 afternoon.	 Kandi	 had rapidly	 won	 Anne	 over	 with	 her	 sweet	 nature,	 despite	 their	 age	 gap.	 The	 two would	 share	 meaningless	 conversation	 about	 the	 weather	 or	 some	 antic	 of Kandi’s	chickens	and	they’d	also	discussed	the	strange	disappearance	of	Rusty,

who’d	gone	missing.	Kandi	blamed	it	on	a	mountain	lion,	but	Anne	said	maybe

Rusty	 had	 gone	 on	 the	 lam	 after	 killing	 Ralph.	 They’d	 laughed	 at	 the	 time	 but the	reality	of	Kandi’s	position	now	made	Anne	rethink	all	of	their	conversations

since	Ralph’s	traumatic	death.

Yet,	while	their	friendship	grew	deeper	and	stronger,	they	rarely	talked	about

themselves	 or	 their	 pasts.	 The	 one	 thing	 Anne	 did	 know	 about	 Kandi	 was	 that her	husband	spent	much	of	his	time	away	for	business—a	lot	of	time.

As	they’d	talked	about	Ralph.	Kandi	had	remained	positive	that	his	murder

would	 soon	 be	 solved.	 But	 in	 the	 back	 of	 her	 mind,	 Anne	 remembered	 all	 the collected	evidence	and	worried	for	her	new	young	friend.	Had	it	all	been	a	ruse?

Was	Kandi	capable	of	murder?

“Anne	 Freemont,	 step	 to	 the	 door.”	 The	 commanding	 voice	 broke	 her

reverie.

Anne	did	as	instructed.	A	tall,	burly	officer	came	and	stood	at	the	entrance,

giving	Anne	a	glance-over.	A	buzzer	sounded,	and	the	door	swung	open.

“Remove	 your	 jacket,	 empty	 your	 pockets,	 and	 put	 your	 purse	 over	 on	 the table	for	inspection.”	He	held	up	a	bag	she’d	set	down	next	to	her	purse.	“What’s this?”

“It’s	 some	 items	 for	 Kandi—Mrs.	 Jenkins.	 Is	 that	 okay?”	 The	 guard	 took	 a quick	look	into	the	bag,	which	held	toiletries	and	other	personal	items.

“We’ll	 go	 through	 it	 and	 then	 see	 she	 gets	 it.”	 The	 guard	 set	 it	 aside	 on another	counter.	He	took	her	purse,	looked	through	it,	and	gave	her	a	nod	toward

a	row	of	lockers.	After	she’d	put	her	purse	in	the	locker	and	he’d	secured	it,	he disappeared	around	the	corner.

The	female	officer	from	the	front	window	appeared	in	his	absence.	She	did	a

swift	pat-down	of	Anne,	who	obediently	followed	orders	to	hold	her	arms	out	to

her	sides.	After	a	scan	with	a	metal-detector	wand,	she	led	Anne	toward	a	small

room	off	the	hallway.

Inside,	 Kandi	 sat	 at	 a	 table,	 picking	 at	 her	 cuticles.	 She	 wore	 an	 orange jumpsuit	and	cheap	flip-flops.	Anne’s	heart	clenched.

The	female	guard	stepped	to	the	side.

Kandi	looked	up	as	Anne	entered	the	room.	Her	eyes	pooled	with	tears	that

slid	 silently	 down	 her	 cheeks.	 “Thank	 you	 for	 coming.	 Jeff’s	 at	 an	 important conference	 for	 business.	 He’s	 working	 on	 getting	 a	 flight	 back	 as	 soon	 as possible.	He’ll	post	bond	for	me	soon	so	I	can	get	out	of	here.	They	wouldn’t	let me	out	on	my	own	recogna—”	She	struggled	to	finish	the	word.

“Recognizance”	Anne	interjected.

Kandi	nodded	then	shivered.

Anne	 wanted	 to	 give	 her	 a	 comforting	 hug	 but	 the	 guard’s	 warning	 glance stopped	her	so	she	sat	down	across	the	metal	table	from	Kandi.	She	cringed	to

see	the	girl	wore	handcuffs.

“I	didn’t	do	it.”	Kandi	moaned,	as	tears	rolled	down	her	face.	“Why	do	they

think	I	would	kill	Ralph?	I	have	no	idea	how	that	axe	got	in	my	yard.”	She	took

a	 deep	 breath	 and	 sat	 up	 straighter.	 “You’ve	 got	 to	 help	 me.	 Clear	 my	 name.	 I didn’t	do	this.”

“What	do	you	expect	me	to	do	Kandi?	I’m	not	a	lawyer.”

“I	have	a	lawyer.	He’s	driving	over	from	Denver	today.

I	need	a	detective.”

“Okay.	Good	to	know.	But	maybe	you	haven’t	noticed.	I’m	not	a	detective,

either.”

“But	I	don’t	have, like,	anyone	else.”	As	her	voice	rose	in	anguish,	the	guard took	 a	 step	 closer.	 Kandi	 got	 the	 message	 and	 lowered	 her	 voice.	 “I’ve	 got	 to find	out	what	really	happened.	I	can’t	let	them	pin	this	on	me.	I	need	you	to	be

my	Miss	Marple.”

Pin	this	on	me?	Miss	Marple? Anne	sighed	deeply	and	shook	her	head.

“Well	you	can’t	be,	like,	Phyrne	Fisher.	She’s	young,	racy,	and	hot-to-trot—”

That’s	the	way	to	get	me	to	help	you	kiddo.	Call	me	old	and	boring.	Not!

“—and	of	course,	you	can’t	be	Poirot	or	Holmes,	because	you’re, like,	not	a man.”

Anne	had	heard	enough.	“You	can’t	be	serious!	Young	lady,	you	are	charged with	a	grave	crime,	and	you’re	talking	fictional	mystery	detectives?”

“I’m	just	saying	that, like,	none	of	them	are	real	detectives,	so	you	could	do it.”

“Yeah,	well	here’s	the	thing,	missy.	The	problem	with	that	is	I’m	not	dating	a

sheriff,	police	chief,	or	other	law	enforcement	officer—so	how	do	you	propose	I

gain	 any	 information	 to	 solve	 the	 crime,	 Ms.	 ‘come	 back	 to	 the	 real	 world’

Jenkins?”

“You’re	 new	 here.	 All	 you	 have	 to	 do	 is, like,	 go	 to	 the	 stores,	 and	 you’ll hear	a	lot	from	people	talking.	They	won’t	even, like,	notice	you.”

“Gee.	Thanks.”	Anne	groaned.

“Well,	no	offense,	but	you	could	use, like,	a	new	haircut.”

Seriously?	I’d	like	to	shake	some	sense	into	this	girl. But	Anne	quickly	saw past	 the	 bravado,	 and	 the	 very	 real,	 very	 scared	 young	 girl	 emerged	 in	 front	 of her	eyes.

Her	heart	softened.	This	wasn’t	the	time	for	lectures.	“Look,	sweetie,	I’m	no

detective.	I	don’t	know	what	I	can	do	to	help,	but	I’ll	do	what	I	can.	Okay?”

Kandi	sucked	in	a	sob	and	nodded	her	head.	Tears	slid	down	her	cheeks.	The

guard	handed	her	a	box	of	tissues.	As	she	grabbed	the	tissues,	the	metal	bracelets clanked	loudly.

“Thanks.”	Kandi	wiped	her	eyes	and	nose.

“No	problem.	Time’s	up,	though.”	The	officer	pointed	at	the	clock	affixed	to

a	far	wall.

Anne	 stood.	 “Anything	 you	 need,	 you	 let	 me	 know.	 I	 brought	 some

magazines,	some	snacks,	and	a	few	things	for	you,	like	socks,	a	toothbrush,	and

toothpaste.”

“That’s, like,	so	sweet.	Thank	you.	I	need	to	ask	you	one	more	favor.	If	you don’t	 mind,	 could	 you	 go	 over	 and	 feed	 the	 girls?	 Jeff	 should	 be	 able	 to	 close them	 up	 tonight.	 The	 chicken	 feed	 is	 in	 the	 metal	 trashcan.”	 Under	 her	 breath, she	said,	“I	don’t	want	whatever	got	Rusty	to	get	my	other	girls.”

“Yes,	I’ll	make	sure	the	chickens	have	food	and	water.”	The	officer	motioned

for	her	to	exit	at	the	open	door.	On	entering	the	hall,	Anne	turned	and	glanced

once	more	at	the	young	woman.	Kandi	sat	slumped	over	onto	the	table,	tissues

pushed	 to	 her	 face,	 handcuffs	 hanging	 on	 tiny	 wrists,	 silent	 sobs	 wracking	 her body.

I	don’t	know	how	I’m	going	to	do	it,	but	I’m	helping	that	girl.

With	that	final	thought,	the	door	slammed	shut	behind	her.



As	 soon	 as	 she	 got	 home,	 Anne	 went	 over	 to	 feed	 the	 chickens.	 Rusty,	 the hen	that	had	caused	so	much	fuss	initially,	was	still	nowhere	to	be	seen.	Kandi

often	said	how	her	hens	would	hang	around	a	large	woodpile.	She	squinted	at	the

woodpile.	 On	 the	 side	 of	 one	 log,	 some	 reddish-brown	 feathers	 clung	 to	 the wood.	She	strode	toward	it.

“Can	I	help	you?”	A	loud	voice	cut	through	the	air.	Startled,	Anne	stopped.

She	turned	around.

A	tall	thin	man	stood	a	few	yards	away,	eyes	hidden	under	Ray-Bans.

“You	must	be	Jeff.	I’m	your	new	neighbor.	Anne.”	She	motioned	toward	her

house.	“Kandi	asked	if	I’d	stop	by	and	feed	the	chickens.”

“In	the	woodpile?”	He	shoved	the	sunglasses	up	on	his	head.

“One’s	 missing.	 Rusty.	 I	 thought	 maybe	 she’d	 been	 roosting	 there	 and	 got trapped.”

“Well,	it’s	not.	I	think	you	better	leave.	I’ll	take	care	of	things	now.”

Anne	struggled	to	be	polite.	“I	thought	Kandi	said	you	were	out	of	town.”

He	pushed	the	sunglasses	up	on	his	head.	Narrowed	eyes	focused	on	her.	“I

was.	 I	 just	 arrived.”	 He	 pointed	 toward	 the	 door	 where	 carry-on	 luggage	 stood on	the	step.

“As	 much	 as	 you	 travel,	 you	 must	 have	 great	 frequent	 flier	 miles.”	 She glanced	toward	the	driveway	area.	“I	don’t	see	your	car.”

“I	often	leave	my	car	at	the	airport	and	catch	a	shuttle	when	it’s	late.	I	can

sleep	 in	 the	 van.”	 He	 hesitated,	 and	 then	 clamped	 his	 lips	 shut.	 Mr.	 Frosty	 had returned.

“Good	to	know	for	my	next	trip.”	As	she	walked	back	across	the	street,	she

glanced	over	her	shoulder	and	saw	that	Jeff	had	followed	her	around	the	side	of

the	house.	Anne	waved,	but	he	didn’t	return	the	gesture.	A	strong	tremor	coursed

down	her	spine.	She	sprinted	home.

Safely	ensconced	in	her	kitchen,	Anne	breathed	a	sigh	of	relief. He	gives	me

the	creeps.	I	don’t	care	what	most	people	do	here	about	locking	doors. She	thrust the	deadbolt	into	place.

After	her	nerves	calmed	down,	she	laughed	at	her	imagination.	This	was	too

nice	 a	 day	 to	 be	 locked	 up.	 Plus,	 she	 was	 determined	 that	 a	 man	 would	 never make	her	feel	afraid	or	inferior	ever	again.	She	unlatched	the	lock.

But	 Kandi	 was	 still	 locked	 up.	 Poor,	 sweet	 girl.	 Thoughts	 crowded	 Anne’s mind	and	all	fought	for	attention.	She	had	no	idea	where	to	even	begin	to	help.

Maybe	 she	 could	 talk	 some	 sense	 into	 the	 girl.	 Kandi	 needed	 real	 help,	 not

anything	Anne	could	do.	But	how	to	convince	Kandi?

Anne	 walked	 back	 out	 to	 the	 porch.	 She	 wiped	 the	 steps	 off	 and	 sat	 down, replaying	the	last	few	weeks	in	her	mind.	Other	than	waving	when	they	saw	each

other,	Anne	hadn’t	gotten	to	know	Ralph	very	well,	but	based	on	what	she	did

know	about	him,	he	didn’t	seem	like	the	type	to	have	enemies.	And	she	seriously

doubted	he	would	have	killed	Rusty,	especially	after	providing	Anne	with	some

of	his	tomato	crop.

You	never	know.	Everyone	has	enemies.	But	did	someone	hate	him	enough	to

kill	him?

As	 Anne’s	 mind	 pondered	 next	 steps,	 she	 turned	 her	 attention	 to	 a	 plot	 of ground	off	to	the	side	of	the	porch.	It	was	so	close	to	the	house	and	full	of	plants that	at	one	time	it	might	have	been	a	kitchen	potager,	full	of	vegetables,	herbs, and	ornamentals.

It	might	be	just	the	place	for	a	keyhole	garden	for	herbs	and	flowers.	Pulling

herself	up	by	the	railing,	Anne	ambled	down	the	steps	to	the	weedy	patch.	The

desire	 to	 awaken	 the	 sleeping	 garden	 couldn’t	 be	 stopped.	 She	 knelt	 down	 and attacked	the	scrap	of	ground	closest	to	her.

As	 the	 pile	 of	 weeds	 grew,	 the	 bare	 earth	 became	 exposed.	 Anne	 sunk	 her hands	 deeply	 into	 the	 moist	 damp	 soil.	 Pulling	 free	 from	 the	 soil,	 she	 stared	 at her	nails	covered	in	dirt.	She	raised	her	hands	in	the	air	and	shouted	aloud,	“So there,	Duke!”

Laughing	 at	 her	 silly	 display,	 she	 decided	 to	 go	 all	 out	 and	 embrace	 her connection	to	the	earth.	She	flipped	over	and	sprawled	across	the	cool	grass	next to	the	bed.	The	sun’s	rays	embraced	her,	and	she	allowed	its	warmth	to	envelop

her.	She	had	just	closed	her	eyes	when	a	shadow	passed	over	her.

“Um.	Hello.”	A	man’s	voice	intruded	into	her	solitude.	She	squinted	up	into

the	sun.	Stewart,	Ralph’s	nephew,	gazed	down	at	her	with	a	“you’re	a	nutcase”

look	on	his	face.

Anne	 sat	 up.	 “I’m	 cleaning	 out	 this	 bed	 to	 get	 it	 ready	 for	 planting	 next year.”

“Okay.	 Whatever	 you	 say.”	 His	 tone	 reiterated	 the	 “you’re	 crazy”

impression.

Anne	 thought	 about	 her	 current	 position. He	 must	 think	 I’m	 an	 idiot	 or	 an eccentric.	 Oh,	 who	 cares?	 Maybe	 that’s	 what	 crones	 do. She	 chuckled	 and struggled	to	stand.	He	held	out	his	hand,	which	she	purposefully	ignored.

Upright	once	more,	she	shielded	her	eyes	from	the	sun.	“So,	how	may	I	help

you,	Stewart?”

“I	 knocked	 on	 the	 front	 door	 but	 no	 answer.	 I	 told	 Sam	 I’d	 come	 by	 and check	to	see	how	you	were	doing	since	your	fall.	So	I	came	around	here	and	saw

you,	um…in	the	garden.”

“I’m	doing	just	fine.”	She	unconsciously	rubbed	her	head,	too	late	realizing

she’d	wiped	dirt	into	her	hair.	“I’m	really	sorry	about	your	uncle.”

“Thanks.	 It	 was	 such	 a	 shock.	 He’s	 always	 been	 grumpy,	 but	 he	 wouldn’t have	hurt	a	fly.	I	don’t	know	why	Kandi	killed	him.”	Stewart	frowned	and	shook

his	head.

“What	makes	you	think	Kandi	killed	him?”	She	dusted	off	her	hands.

“It’s	pretty	simple.	They’ve	had	words	over	the	years.	First	time,	it	happened

over	 some	 property	 boundary	 issues.	 Then	 she	 pruned	 one	 of	 his	 trees	 without his	 permission,	 and	 of	 course,	 the	 chickens	 always	 mangling	 his	 garden.	 If	 he said	anything	about	it,	she	acted	like	she	was	the	victim	and	made	him	out	to	be

the	 perpetrator.”	 “I	 just	 can’t	 see	 Kandi	 doing	 anything	 like	 that.	 She’s	 been nothing	but	kind	to	me.”

“Well,”	 he	 lowered	 his	 voice,	 “she’s	 got	 the	 history.”	 “What	 does	 that mean?”

“You	know.	Her	mama.”

“No.	I	don’t.”	Anne	waited	for	him	to	expound	on	his	statement.

“Well,	 she’ll	 have	 to	 tell	 you	 about	 that.”	 He	 shoved	 his	 hands	 in	 his	 jean pockets.

“On	another	subject,	what	will	happen	to	Ralph’s	place	now?”	Anne	pointed

toward	the	house.

“I	 guess	 we’ll	 sell	 it.”	 He	 shrugged	 his	 shoulders.	 “We’ll	 sell?”	 Her	 brow furrowed.

“Me	and	Hope.	She’s	his	daughter.”

“Hope	is	Ralph’s	daughter?”	That	might	explain	her	presence	the	day	of	his

death.

“Yep.	I’m	the	only	other	kin.	His	sister,	my	mom,

passed	 away	 a	 few	 years	 back.	 His	 son	 was	 killed	 in	 the	 war,	 and	 his	 wife died	from	cancer.”	Stewart	kept	talking,	but	more	to	himself.	“Boy,	the	more	you

think	about	it,	he	had	a	really	tough	life,	and	then—bam!—killed	by	an	axe.”

He	abruptly	stopped	talking	and	stared	down	at	Anne.	“Hey,	you	didn’t	hear

or	see	anything	that	morning.	Did	you?”

“No.	 I	 didn’t	 hear	 anything	 until	 Kandi	 screamed.”	 An	 involuntary	 shiver coursed	through	her	at	the	memory.

“Oh,	okay.	Well,	if	you	think	of	something,	you’ll	tell	me,	won’t	you?”

“Um,	sure.” Um,	no.

“Well,	 best	 get	 going.”	 As	 he	 reached	 her	 driveway,	 he	 turned.	 “If	 I	 were you,	I’d	make	sure	I	locked	my	doors.	You	know	what	they	say	about	the	killer

coming	back	to	the	scene	of	the	crime.”	He	grinned.

Anne	watched	Stewart	cut	across	to	Ralph’s	yard.	Even	though	the	sun	shone brightly,	 she	 shivered	 for	 the	 second	 time.	 If	 Stewart	 stood	 to	 inherit,	 he definitely	had	motive.	She’d	just	found	her	first	suspect.





Chapter	Five

Anne	slept	fitfully	that	night.	She	kept	waking,	listening	intently	at	every	creak and	groan	as	the	old	house	settled.	Her	imagination	had	gone	into	overdrive	and

caused	 crazy	 musings	 about	 Stewart’s	 words	 about	 the	 killer	 returning	 to	 the scene	of	the	crime.

Wind	 whipped	 around	 the	 house,	 rattling	 the	 windows	 and	 sliding	 ghostly whispers	through	unseen	cracks	in	the	walls.	She	shot	up	in	bed	when	a	flash	of

thunder	rocked	the	house.	Another	rainstorm	on	the	way.	While	she	was	glad	for

the	moisture,	this	would	delay	her	work	in	the	garden.

Sleep	 would	 be	 impossible.	 She	 pulled	 her	 terrycloth	 robe	 from	 the	 corner chair	and	shoved	her	feet	into	fuzzy	slippers.	Yawning,	she	made	her	way	down

the	short	wide	hall	that	led	into	the	kitchen.

The	gibbous	moon	illuminated	the	room,	so	she	didn’t	bother	to	flip	on	the

light	 switch.	 She	 turned	 on	 the	 sink	 tap	 to	 fill	 her	 glass.	 Raising	 it	 to	 her	 lips, Anne	caught	a	flash	of	light	behind	the	lilacs.	She	blinked	her	eyes.	Looked	once more.	 Yes,	 there	 it	 was	 again.	 Muted,	 but	 definitely	 what	 looked	 like	 a	 light flickering	over	by	the	compost	pile.

Could	it	be	that	the	moon	was	reflecting	off	of	a	piece	of	metal	or	something

shiny	that	shone	through	the	trees?	Or	had	the	killer	 really	 returned	to	the	scene of	the	crime?

She	needed	an	unobstructed	view.	If	she	went	out	on	her	porch,	she	might	be

able	to	distinguish	what	she’d	seen.	She	opened	the	door,	but	the	wind	caught	the outer	screen,	slamming	the	frame	against	the	wall.

The	light	flicked	off.

Now	 what? She	 stood	 motionless.	 The	 last	 thing	 she	 wanted	 was	 for someone	 to	 see	 her.	 She	 waited	 for	 a	 few	 minutes	 that	 seemed	 like	 an	 eternity and	 then	 took	 a	 hesitant	 step	 forward.	 She	 squinted	 toward	 Ralph’s	 yard.	 No

light.	Menacing,	heavy	clouds	cast	shadows	as	the	wind	moved	on	its	path.

She	 debated	 with	 herself	 about	 what	 she’d	 seen,	 when	 curiosity	 won	 over.

Just	 in	 case	 there	 was	 actually	 someone	 there,	 she	 grabbed	 a	 hammer	 from	 the toolbox	at	her	feet.	Anne	quietly	advanced	toward	the	bushes.	She	tried	to	justify her	investigation	and	assure	herself	she	wasn’t	like	the	dumb	female	victims	she

despised	in	scary	movies.

Just	 to	 be	 sure,	 every	 so	 often,	 she	 would	 pause	 and	 listen.	 Was	 the	 person she	saw	doing	the	same	thing?	Advancing	toward	her?	Should	she	just	go	back

inside?	Even	with	her	conscience	telling	her	to	stop,	she	kept	moving	forward.

As	she	rounded	the	corner	of	the	lilac	stand,	she	spied	a	tall	figure	dressed	all in	black	running	across	the	yard.

“Hey!”	Anne	yelled,	then	stopped. Are	you	nuts?	That	could	be	the	murderer.

She	 took	 a	 step	 backward.	 Her	 foot	 found	 something	 hard	 and	 sharp.	 A

whizzing	sound.	Before	she	could	react,	a	knock	to	the	left	side	of	her	head	sent her	sprawling	into	the	compost	pile.

Noooo.	 Not	 the	 compost	 pile	 again!	 Don’t	 think	 about	 Ralph.	 Don’t	 think about	 Ralph.	 Don’t	 think	 about,	 ahhh,	 the	 blood. She	 grimaced	 as	 she	 fought back	 the	 desire	 to	 wretch.	 Something	 had	 dropped	 beside	 her	 as	 she’d	 fallen.

Anne	tried	to	calm	herself	and	catch	her	breath.	Her	mind	raced	like	a	hamster

on	a	wheel.	Was	the	killer	still	out	there?

After	what	seemed	like	a	horrible	eternity,	she	released	the	breath	she’d	been

holding.	She	cautiously	scanned	the	area	for	any	signs	of	movement.	Sensing	she

was	 alone,	 Anne	 glanced	 back	 and	 forth	 before	 finally	 crawling	 out	 of	 the compost	pile.	With	difficulty,	she	pulled	herself	to	her	feet.	She	looked	down	as nausea	hit	her.

That’s	when	she	saw	the	rake.

Was	 that	 what	 had	 been	 used	 to	 hit	 her?	 But	 what	 was	 a	 rake	 doing	 by	 the compost	pile?	The	scene	had	been	cleared	of	any	evidence	and	that	included	any

tools.

No	 matter	 what,	 she	 had	 seen	 someone.	 And	 that	 someone	 could	 be	 the killer.	 She	 needed	 to	 get	 away	 from	 here.	 Anne	 jogged	 across	 her	 yard	 and stumbled	as	she	grabbed	the	porch	banister.	Her	head	throbbed.

Remember	making	fun	of	people	in	horror	movies?

Stupid,	stupid,	stupid.

Inside	the	house,	she	locked	the	screen	door	and	slid	the	deadbolt	shut	on	the

main	entrance.	She	chased	the	shadows	from	the	room	by	turning	on	every	light

she	 could	 find.	 She’d	 left	 the	 flimsy	 café	 curtains	 open	 on	 the	 back	 windows.

Was	the	killer	watching	her	even	now?	Deciding	on	his	attack?

With	a	burst	of	adrenaline	fueling	her,	she	found	her	phone	and	called	9-1-1.

“Hello,	 Ms.	 Freemont.	 State	 your	 emergency.”	 “This	 is,	 hey,	 how	 did	 you

—?”

“What’s	your	emergency?”

“Well,	it’s	not	really	an	emergency.”	Silence.

Could	she	feel	disapproval	coursing	through	the	phone	line?

Anne	continued.	“It’s	just,	there	was	someone	in	Ralph’s	yard,	and	I	got	hit

on	the	head,	it	could	have	been	the	rake,	but	it	could	have	been	the	real	killer,	but the	guy	in	black	was	running	across	the	yard,	so	how	did	they—”

“Ms.	 Freemont.	 Please	 remain	 calm.	 We’ll	 have	 someone	 over	 shortly.”

Anne	hung	up	just	as	she	heard	the	woman	say,	“Please	stay—”

Anne	 pulled	 a	 kitchen	 chair	 over	 to	 the	 farthest	 corner	 away	 from	 the windows.	 Could	 the	 killer	 see	 inside?	 She	 ran	 over	 and	 flicked	 off	 the	 switch.

Turning	 off	 the	 light	 only	 served	 to	 make	 her	 feel	 even	 more	 vulnerable.	 She crouched	down	in	the	corner	of	the	room,	away	from	peering	eyes.

Her	 gaze	 moved	 back	 and	 forth,	 seeking	 an	 unknown	 danger.	 Her	 body

tensed,	coiled	to	spring	into	action.	She’d	dropped	the	hammer	when	she’d	fallen

into	the	compost	pile.	She	had	no	weapon.	She	crawled	over	to	the	drawer	and

grabbed	 a	 knife.	 Instead	 of	 bringing	 comfort,	 it	 only	 made	 her	 more	 anxious.

What	if	the	murderer	took	it	away	from	her	and	used	it	on	her?	Panic	sought	to

overtake	her.

A	huge	knot	had	formed	on	her	temple.	She	tenderly	felt	the	bump	as	another

hit	of	nausea	caused	her	to	steady	herself.	This	was	silly	sitting	on	the	floor.	She rose	 and	 moving	 across	 to	 the	 fridge,	 pulled	 frozen	 peas	 from	 the	 freezer.	 She held	the	package	to	her	head.	The	cold	snapped	her	mind	clear.

Did	I	almost	catch	the	killer?	But	how	did	I	see	them	running	and	then	get

hit?	 Does	 this	 mean	 Kandi	 isn’t	 the	 killer?	 Could	 Stewart	 have	 run	 across	 the yard	 quick	 enough	 to	 cut	 back	 and	 hit	 me	 over	 the	 head?	 What	 had	 the	 killer been	 looking	 for	 in	 Ralph’s	 yard?	 He	 knew	 the	 police	 had	 already	 been	 there.

Was	there	something	the	police	hadn’t	seen?

Footsteps	 approaching	 the	 kitchen	 door	 brought	 a	 squeal	 to	 her	 lips.	 It	 was Sam.	He’d	gotten	here	fast.	Relief	flooded	her.

She	unlocked	the	door.

“Hi.	Just	heard	on	the	dispatch	that	you’d—Whoa,	what	happened	to	you?”

Her	tension	released	into	a	torrent	of	tears.	Sam	put	his	arm	around	her	and

gently	escorted	her	to	a	chair.	He	noticed	the	frozen	pea	ice	pack	she	held.

“How’d	 you	 get	 hurt?	 I	 thought	 you	 called	 in	 about	 seeing	 a	 person	 in Ralph’s	yard.”

He	looked	at	her	sternly.	“Hey,	you	didn’t	do	something	stupid	like	go	over

there?”

He	moved	closer	toward	her.	She	took	in	a	whiff	of	that	popcorn	smell	again.

Strange	that	he	smelled	like	that	over	some	manly	scent.

“Let	me	take	a	look-see	at	that	knot.”

She	set	down	the	ice	pack	and	the	nausea	hit	her	again.

“Sit	 down,”	 he	 ordered.	 “How	 many	 times	 have	 you’ve	 gotten	 hit	 in	 the head?”	 He	 looked	 at	 the	 knot.	 “Just	 to	 make	 sure	 all	 is	 well…”	 He	 pulled	 a penlight	from	his	pocket.	“I’m	going	to	do	a	series	of	quick	tests.”	He	shone	the light	in	her	eyes.	After	some	questions	that	seemed	to	meet	with	his	approval,	he sat	back	in	his	chair.	“I	think	you’re	okay,	just	going	to	have	a	nice	bruise	with that	one.	I’m	going	to	prescribe	not	getting	hit	in	the	head	again.”

Anne	tried	to	respond	sarcastically	but	it	was	too	much	effort.	She	simply	put

the	 ice	 pack	 back	 on	 the	 lump.	 “Would	 you	 like	 something	 to	 drink	 while	 we wait?	I’ve	got	some	coffee,	um,	some	tea—oh	wait,	no	tea,	some	water.” Hmmm,

what	would	happen	if	a	guy	drank	an	herbal	tea	to	help	menopausal	symptoms?

“So	what	actually	happened?”

She	gave	him	an	edited	version	of	the	events.

After	a	bit	of	more	scolding	for	her	escapade,	he	smiled.	“Our	town	normally

isn’t	so	thrilling.	You	may	wish	for	some	of	this	excitement	once	it	goes	back	to its	staid	complacency.”

“I’m	ready.	I	thought	this	place	was	going	to	be	quiet.

Not!”

A	knock	at	the	back	door	interrupted	further	conversation.

A	deputy	from	the	sheriff’s	office	stood	at	the	door.

Sam	said	something	to	the	man,	who	nodded.	He	gestured	at	her	to	stay	put.

“I’ll	be	back	in	a	minute.”	The	screen	door	slammed	behind	Sam	as	their	shapes

faded	into	the	night.

Not	one	to	stay	put,	Anne	got	up	and	watched	as	the	two	men	walked	over	to

Ralph’s	yard.

After	a	bit	of	seeing	nothing,	Anne	sat	back	down.	The	squeak	of	the	screen

door	heralded	their	return.

“We	found	the	rake	and	the	hammer.”	The	deputy	then	took	her	statement	as

Sam	 sat	 listening.	 As	 the	 two	 men	 chatted	 outside,	 Anne	 thought	 about	 Sam.

Over	six	foot,	closer	to	six	two,	hair	you	wanted	to	run	your	hands	through	and

deep	blue	eyes	that	drew	you	in.	She	hadn’t	noticed	any	ring	on	his	finger. Are you	nuts?	It	wasn’t	that	long	ago	you	were	in	a	horrible	relationship.	Now	you’re wondering	if	he’s	single?

Sam	 pushed	 open	 the	 screen	 door	 with	 his	 elbow.	 In	 one	 hand	 he	 held	 a brown	 bottle.	 In	 the	 other,	 a	 paper	 bag.	 He	 opened	 the	 bottle	 and	 held	 it	 up.

“Grabbed	 this	 from	 my	 truck.	 Kvass.	 This	 is	 some	 of	 the	 last	 of	 my	 summer

brew.	I	can’t	wait	until	next	month	to	start	the	next	batch	with	apples.	Want	to	try some?”

After	she	nodded	yes,	he	poured	a	small	amount	into	a	cup	and	handed	it	to

her.	She	took	a	small	sip.	It	was	icy	cold.	“Wow.”

“Good,	right?	Kvass	is	a	fermented	grain	drink.	When	I	visited	the	Ukraine,	I

fell	in	love	with	it.	I	included	some	citrus	and	my	own	secret	ingredient.	I’d	tell you,	 but	 then	 I’d	 have	 to	 kill	 you.”	 He	 grinned.	 Pouring	 the	 brew	 into	 another cup,	he	took	a	hearty	swig.

“You	didn’t	tell	Ralph,	did	you?”	Anne	regretted	the	words	as	soon	as	they’d

left	her	mouth.

“You	 know	 that’s	 a	 weird	 thing.	 I	 mean	 Ralph	 wasn’t	 a	 favorite	 of	 many people,	but	I	can’t	see	anyone	wanting	to	harm	him,	much	less	kill	him.”

Anne	barely	heard	his	words.	She	stared	at	Sam’s	clothing.	Dark	pants.	Dark

jacket.	They	could	have	looked	black	without	any	light	on	them.	Come	to	think

of	 it,	 Sam	 had	 arrived	 pretty	 quickly.	 Her	 brow	 furrowed	 as	 she	 contemplated adding	another	suspect	to	the	list.

“Just	to	ease	your	mind,	no,	he	didn’t	know	my	secret	ingredient.”

“Well,	that’s	a	relief	then.”	She	smiled	at	him	before	taking	another	swig	of

the	sour-sweet	brew.

“Feeling	better?”

She	 nodded	 in	 the	 affirmative.	 But	 it	 wasn’t	 for	 the	 reason	 he	 thought.	 She simply	 couldn’t	 picture	 him	 killing	 Ralph,	 much	 less	 anyone.	 She’d	 learned	 to trust	her	gut	and	Sam	had	to	be	one	of	the	good	guys.	He	was	too	cute	not	to	be.

Of	 course,	 that’s	 what	 they’d	 said	 about	 Ted	 Bundy	 and	 probably	 Jack	 the Ripper.	 What	 was	 it	 Agatha	 Christie	 had	 said?	 Something	 along	 the	 lines	 of

“Every	murderer	is	probably	somebody’s	old	friend.”

She	shivered	involuntarily.

He	continued	without	pausing.	“It’s	the	B	vitamins.	I	think	you	may	be	a	bit

deficient,	due	to	all	the	stress	lately.	Kvass	is	somewhat	like	non-alcoholic	beer, soda	 and	 a	 bit	 like	 Kombucha.	 It’s	 really	 good	 on	 a	 hot	 day.	 Very	 reviving.

Which	 will	 help	 you	 calm	 your	 nerves	 before	 the	 sheriff	 arrives.	 So	 you	 can explain	why	you	were	in	Ralph’s	yard	in	the	middle	of	the	night.”

“But	I	just	gave	my	statement.”

“Yep.	But	Sheriff	Carson	returns	from	vacation	tomorrow.	You	can	bet	he’ll

want	 to	 hear	 it	 from	 you	 again.	 He’s	 not	 one	 to	 leave	 things	 undone.	 He’ll probably	be	all	over	the	reports	on	Ralph’s	death	and	I’ll	be	talking	to	him	about the	coroner’s	findings.”

She	 wanted	 to	 change	 the	 subject	 but	 was	 curious	 about	 his	 last	 statement.

“Why	 would	 you	 be	 giving	 information	 on	 the	 coroner’s	 report	 on	 Ralph’s

death?”	She	touched	the	tender	area	on	her	temple.	Wincing,	she	put	the	cold	bag of	peas	back	on	it.

“Because	I’m	the	deputy	coroner.”	“What?”	Anne	sat	back	against	her	chair.

“This	 is	 a	 fairly	 small	 town.	 There’s	 a	 bunch	 just	 like	 ours	 all	 up	 in	 these mountains.	If	the	coroner	is	busy	or	I’m	not	needed	as	an	EMT,	I	can	assume	the

role.	 This	 way	 I	 make	 sure	 the	 scene	 isn’t	 destroyed	 by	 well-	 meaning individuals	trying	to	help	someone	that’s	hurt.	There	aren’t	that	many	deaths	and it’s	easier	if	I	can	assume	the	role	without	having	to	wait	for	the	coroner	to	come out.”	He	took	another	swig	of	the	brew.

“Because	of	my	training,	I	know	when	the	victim	is	beyond	help	and	how	to

secure	 the	 scene.	 However,	 the	 coroner’s	 usually	 available.	 We	 tend	 to	 need more	 help	 with	 accidents	 so	 I’m	 a	 part-time	 EMT	 and	 a	 part-time	 deputy coroner.	In	other	words,	I	work	two	full-time	jobs!”	He	laughed.	The	sound	was

rich	and	masculine	and	reminded	Anne	of	all	the	great	things	about	men.

“So?”	She	cut	into	his	laughter.

“So…	what?”

“Why	are	you	giving	the	information	to	the	sheriff	about	what	killed	Ralph?

Is	it	confidential?”

“Nothing	is	confidential	if	Marla	is	around.”

“Who’s	 Marla?”	 Anne	 set	 the	 frozen	 peas	 on	 the	 table.	 “The	 reporter	 you saw	at	the	scene.	Oh,	you	may	not	have	seen	her	since	we	were	working	on	you.

But	the	coroner	is	the	one	to	release	any	findings.	He’s	away	at	a	conference.”

“I	don’t	remember	much.” Except	seeing	Hope.	How	did	Hope	get	there	so

soon?	And	why	did	she	look	so	frightened?

“What	 do	 you	 remember?”	 he	 asked	 casually.	 “Basically	 Kandi	 screaming.

Running	over.”	She	took	a	deep	breath.	“Seeing	Ralph.	Blood	was	all	over	him.

On	 Kandi.	 It	 was	 awful.”	 Unexpected	 tears	 sprang	 to	 her	 eyes	 and	 she	 rubbed her	upper	arms.	“He,	he	was	dead.	I	called	the	police	and	then	got	back	to	Kandi.

And	then,	I	guess,	that’s	when	I	fainted.”

“Your	 blood	 pressure	 was	 pretty	 low.	 I’m	 presuming	 you	 hadn’t	 eaten	 yet since	 it	 was	 early	 morning.	 And	 as	 you	 said,	 if	 you’re	 not	 used	 to	 death,	 and even	if	you	are,	it’s	a	big	shock.	Not	surprising	that	a	woman	your	age	fainted.”

A	woman	my	age?	Geez.

Anne	looked	at	Sam	closer.	How	old	was	he?	He	was	probably	younger	than

her	but	how	much	younger?

“Oh	I	forgot	this.”	He	picked	up	the	brown	bag	he	had	set	down	in	the	other

kitchen	chair.

“Let	me	guess.Popcorn.”

“You	psychic?”

“Just	a	good	guess.”

“The	Boy	Scouts	have	been	doing	a	camp	this	week.	Lots	of	growing	boys	to

feed	and	popcorn	is	a	quick,	filling	snack.	Plus	we	have	lots	of	it	right	now.	We made	 a	 lot	 for	 the	 camp	 and	 had	 this	 left	 over.	 Anyway,	 I’ll	 leave	 it	 with	 you.

Good	night.”	He	got	up,	grabbed	his	jacket	off	the	chair,	and	strode	out	the	door.

“Night.”	She	stood	at	the	back	door	and	watched	as	he	moved	off	down	the

drive.

“A	 woman	 your	 age,”	 she	 mimicked.	 As	 soon	 as	 he	 was	 out	 of	 sight,	 she pitched	the	bag	toward	the	trash	can.	It	missed	the	can.

Oh,	 geez.	 Forget	 that.	 I	 love	 popcorn. She	 picked	 the	 bag	 off	 the	 floor	 and dug	into	the	perfect	combination	of	butter,	salt,	and	crunchy	goodness.

At	least	she	had	one	person	she	could	confidently	cross	off	her	suspect	list.





Chapter	Six

A	buzzing	sound	interrupted	her	sleep.	Anne	shoved	the	pillow	over	her	head.

Too	hot.	She	pushed	the	pillow	back	under	her	head.

Punched	it.	Buzzing	again.

Her	 phone.	 She’d	 put	 it	 on	 vibrate	 during	 her	 visit	 to	 Kandi.	 Anne	 groped toward	the	nightstand	and	scooped	the	phone	into	her	hand.

“Hel…lo?”	 the	 word	 came	 out	 garbled.	 Between	 her	 midnight	 outing,	 her

visit	 with	 Sam,	 answering	 questions	 for	 the	 deputy,	 and	 waking	 up	 at	 every sound	thinking	the	killer	had	returned,	she	hadn’t	gotten	much	sleep.

“Can	you	come	pick	me	up?”	A	girl’s	childlike	voice	came	over	the	line.

“Who	is	this?”	She	rolled	over	on	her	other	side	and	immediately	regretted	it

as	 her	 bruised	 head	 connected	 with	 the	 mattress.	 Tears	 of	 pain	 sprang	 into	 her eyes.	The	rake	hitting	her	head	was	going	to	hurt	for	some	time.

“Kandi.”

“Who?”

“Kandi.”

Anne	sat	up	and	wiped	her	eyes.	“Oh,	Kandi.	Sorry,	sweetie.	I	couldn’t	hear

you	well.	What	time	is	it?”

“Seven-thirty.”

She	 groaned.	 Could	 a	 person	 get	 a	 hangover	 without	 doing	 any	 drinking?

“What’s	up?	Do	you	need	me	to	bring	you	something?”

“Jeff	got	in	last	night,	but	he	has	like,	a	super-	important	conference	call	this morning	that	he	can’t	reschedule.	So	I	have	to	wait	for	him	to	come	get	me	out.

They	 won’t	 release	 me	 unless	 I’m	 under	 someone’s	 custody.”	 The	 implied

request	hung	in	the	air.

Geez,	what	kind	of	a	husband	is	this	guy?	Wait	a	minute.	He	was	here	earlier

than	that.	He	 let	Kandi	sit	 in	jail	for	 another	night? Anne	tried	to	concentrate,

but	her	head	throbbed	and	her	body	ached.

“It	would	be, like,	a	big	favor—”

“Of	course,	I’ll	come	get	you.	I’ll	be	there	in	half	an	hour.”

“Thanks.	You’re	the	best!”	The	line	went	dead.

Anne	 forced	 herself	 to	 sit	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 bed.	 The	 chill	 in	 the	 room invigorated	 her	 but	 also	 brought	 to	 mind	 the	 encroaching	 need	 for	 heating.	 A new	furnace	would	need	to	be	a	top	priority	on	her	contractor	list.

Pulling	 the	 quilt	 around	 her	 shoulders,	 she	 stepped	 to	 the	 window	 and

opened	 the	 blinds.	 Just	 under	 her	 window,	 Stewart	 bent	 over	 something	 in	 the plot	 she’d	 dug	 yesterday.	 Shocked,	 she	 took	 a	 step	 back,	 but	 he’d	 straightened and	spotted	her.	He	waved.

Anne	strode	to	the	kitchen	door,	angry	at	the	early	intrusion.	Stewart	already

stood	on	the	porch,	his	cap	in	his	hand.

Anne	reluctantly	cracked	the	door.	She’d	need	to	add	a	door	chain	soon.

“Hey,	 there.	 Sorry	 if	 I	 scared	 you.	 This	 morning	 I	 turned	 off	 my	 uncle’s sprinkler	system	and	realized	yours	might	still	be	on.	So	I	came	over	to	check.

Since	it’s	early,	I	didn’t	want	to	disturb	you.”

You	 disturbed	 me	 all	 right. She	 pulled	 the	 quilt	 tighter,	 a	 cocoon	 from	 the chill	 seeping	 through	 the	 doorway.	 The	 temperatures	 must	 have	 really	 dropped overnight.

Stewart	gestured	at	the	sky.	“It’s	been	looking	like	snow,	so	best	be	prepared.

Anyway,	I	see	Harry’s	tag—he	puts	the	tags	on	the	main	source	so	people	in	new

homes	can	see	they’ve	been	flushed	out.	So	you’re	good	to	go	for	the	season.”

“You	didn’t	need	to	do	that.”

“Oh,	that’s	what	neighbors	are	for.	Got	to	keep	an	eye	on	you.”	He	winked.

“Thanks.”	She	moved	to	close	the	door.

“Just	don’t	want	any	harm	to	come	to	you.	Some	of	these	things	can	cause	so

many	problems.”

“Thanks	again.	Have	to	go	now.”

“Okay,	well,	just	one	more	thing.	Did	I	imagine	it	or	did	I	see	you	come	over

in	the	yard	last	night?	I’ve	been	staying	at	my	uncle’s	to	make	sure	no	vandals	or teenage	 thrill-seekers	 cause	 any	 problems.	 I’d	 hate	 for	 something	 to	 happen	 to you.	Lots	of	accidents	can	happen	at	night,	when	it’s	dark.”	He	looked	at	her.

Is	he	threatening	me?

“Thanks,	 I’ll	 keep	 that	 in	 mind.	 Goodbye.”	 She	 shut	 the	 door	 as	 she	 heard him	respond	in	kind.

Anne	watched	him	depart.	Then	with	a	firm	shove,	she	locked	the	door.



Kandi	grabbed	Anne	in	a	tight	hug.	“I	can’t	tell	you	how	much	it	means	to

me	that	you	came.	Poor	Jeff.	He’s, like,	exhausted.	He	had	to	fly	into	town.	He was, like,	able	to	get	the	bail	settled	over	the	phone.	I	don’t	think	he’s	even	slept more	than	an	hour	or	two.	Then	he	has, like,	this	call	this	morning.	It	could	mean a	 big	 promotion	 for	 him.	 I	 couldn’t	 let	 him	 pass	 that	 up.	 I	 don’t	 want	 to	 be selfish.	That’s	why	I	said	not	to	worry	about	me.”

Kandi	continued	her	babble	as	Anne	drove	the	young	woman	home.	“I	feel,

like,	 so	 grubby.	 You	 were	 so	 nice	 to	 bring	 me	 that	 care	 package.	 I	 don’t	 know what	I	would	have	done.”	Kandi’s	voice	quivered.

Anne	took	a	fleeting	look	at	the	young	woman	who	was	desperately	trying	to

hold	back	tears.	“I’m	happy	to	do	it.	You	were	a	big	help	to	me	when	I	arrived	in town.	It’s	the	least	I	can	do	to	return	the	favor.	“

“Glad	to	hear	it.	So, like,	when	will	we	start?”	“Start?”

“You	know!	Finding	the	real	killer.”

Anne	sighed	deeply.	“Kandi,	I	told	you.	I’m	not	a	detective.	I	have	no	idea

where	 to	 begin.	 Plus,	 I	 know	 this	 may	 come	 as	 a	 shock	 to	 you,	 but	 killers	 kill people.	I’m	pretty	happy	being	alive.”

“How	 can	 you	 be	 so, like,	 flippant	 at	 a	 time	 like	 this?”	 “Not	 to	 worry,	 I’m flippant	all	the	time.”

Scowling,	the	young	woman	crossed	her	arms	firmly	across	her	chest.

“Seriously,	Kandi,	let	the	sheriff’s	office	handle	it.

They	know	what	they’re	doing.”

“Oh,	 yeah.	 That’s	 why	 I, like,	 ended	 up	 in	 jail.	 They	 only	 go	 by	 the evidence!”

“Did	you	just	hear	what	you	said?	What	do	you	want	them	to	go	by?”

“I	 didn’t	 do	 it!”	 Her	 voice	 rose	 with	 every	 syllable.	 “Okay.”	 Anne	 couldn’t continue	fighting	a	losing	battle.

“Then	you’ll	help?”

“I	 don’t	 know	 how	 you	 think	 we’ll	 solve	 this.	 I	 say	 leave	 it	 to	 the professionals.	However,	as	long	as	it	doesn’t	involve	breaking	and	entering,	I’m

in.”

“Oh,	okay.	I	guess	we	won’t	have	to	do	that.”

Anne	shook	her	head. What	on	earth	did	I	just	commit	to?

Anne	followed	Kandi’s	drive	along	the	curve	to	the	back	of	the	house.	As	the

tires	 crunched	 on	 the	 gravel,	 the	 back	 door	 flew	 open.	 A	 tall	 gangly	 man appeared.

Oh,	yippee.	Jeff	the	Jerk.

A	 set	 of	 noise-cancelling	 earphones	 stuck	 out	 from	 his	 ears	 like	 an	 alien Mickey	Mouse	hat.	He	held	his	smart-phone	in	his	hand.	He	motioned	to	Kandi

with	 an	 abrupt	 wave,	 but	 put	 a	 finger	 to	 his	 lips.	 This	 must	 be	 the	 conference call.

Kandi	 vaulting	 from	 the	 car	 toward	 him	 reminded	 Anne	 of	 a	 puppy	 that

doesn’t	realize	her	owner	is	abusive.

Jeff	 kept	 up	 his	 conversation.	 He	 motioned	 to	 Kandi	 to	 stop.	 The	 young woman	stood	waiting,	her	face	flushed	with	embarrassment.

Anne	lugged	the	box	of	Kandi’s	things	from	the	backseat.	As	she	approached

Kandi,	 Jeff	 looked	 over	 at	 Anne.	 His	 dismissive	 look	 was	 all	 too	 familiar.	 She knew	his	type.	How	could	she	not?	She’d	been	married	to	a	man	just	like	him.

While	 Anne	 assessed	 Jeff’s	 character,	 he	 looked	 at	 her	 with	 judging	 eyes.

She	knew	the	instant	when	he	had	deemed	her	“unworthy.”	Jeff	turned	and	faced

away	from	them	as	he	continued	speaking	to	some	distant	person.

Anne	 dropped	 the	 box	 at	 Kandi’s	 feet.	 She	 mouthed	 see	 you	 later	 and

motioned	her	intent	to	leave.	Kandi	grabbed	Anne’s	arm	and	whispered,	“Please.

It	shouldn’t	be	much	longer.	I’d	really	like	for	you	to	meet	Jeff.”

Anne’s	 mind	 and	 emotions	 warred. Should	 I	 tell	 Kandi	 we’ve	 already	 met?

She’d	give	him	a	few	minutes.	Then	she	was	out	of	there.	Thankfully,	Jeff	ended

the	call,	putting	an	end	to	her	internal	debate.

Jeff	 pulled	 the	 headphones	 down	 around	 his	 neck.	 He	 clutched	 the	 phone with	a	firm	grip.

“Hey,	baby.”	Kandi	threw	herself	into	his	arms.

He	 pushed	 her	 back.	 “What	 the	 heck,	 Kan?	 How	 in	 the	 world	 do	 you	 let yourself	get	into	these	messes?	Do	you	know	how	much	it	cost	me	to	bail	you

out?	I	had	to	get	the	lawyer	to	take	money	out	of	your	trust.	Lucky	we	did	that

provision.”

Undeterred,	 Kandi	 ignored	 his	 rebuke.	 “Honey,	 I	 want	 you	 to	 meet	 Anne.

She’s	 moved	 into	 the	 old	 Straiter	 place.”	 Kandi	 motioned	 in	 the	 direction	 of Anne’s	house.

Jeff	looked	at	Anne,	but	he	too	said	nothing	of	their	earlier	encounter.	“I’m

glad	 someone	 moved	 into	 that	 house.	 It	 needs	 some	 fixing	 up.	 I	 know	 a	 great designer—”

“I	think	I	can	handle	it.”	Anne’s	retort	came	out	sharp.	“Suit	yourself.”

“Kandi,	I’m	leaving.	If	you	need	anything,	give	me	a	call.”	Anne	strode	back

to	the	car	and	put	it	in	reverse.

As	she	left,	thoughts	gathered	in	her	mind. Jeff	had	been	home	the	evening	I

saw	someone	running	from	Ralph’s	yard.	He	had	the	same	build	as	the	figure	I



saw	that	night.	But	what	does	that	have	to	do	with	Ralph’s	death?

For	 Anne	 to	 really	 help	 Kandi,	 she	 had	 to	 find	 out	 everything	 she	 could about	Jeff.

“Come	in.	I’m	back	here!”	Hope’s	voice	carried	through	the	opening.

Anne	 peeked	 into	 the	 hall.	 A	 light	 shone	 from	 a	 door	 off	 to	 her	 right.	 She walked	toward	it.	Inside	the	room,	she	found	Hope	surrounded	by	bottles	full	of

herbs.	 In	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 table	 stood	 a	 scale	 that	 Hope	 was	 using	 to	 measure out	 various	 herbs	 and	 off	 to	 the	 side	 sat	 a	 large	 brown	 bottle.	 Another	 counter held	jars	filled	with	various	herbs	and	a	clear	liquid.

“Oh.	 Hi.	 I	 thought	 you	 were	 Susan.	 I’m	 expecting	 a	 delivery.	 I’m	 making tinctures	 and	 I’ve	 got	 a	 special	 herb	 order	 that	 should	 be	 in	 today.	 Hopefully.”

She	crossed	her	fingers	and	smiled.

She	covered	the	herbs	with	a	cloth.	Snapping	off	the	latex	gloves	she	wore,

she	dumped	them	into	a	bin.	“Let’s	go	to	my	office.”

Anne	 removed	 her	 tweed	 jacket	 as	 she	 followed	 Hope.	 Partially	 hidden

behind	 a	 screen,	 a	 door	 opened	 onto	 the	 examination	 room	 Anne	 remembered from	 her	 first	 visit.	 Behind	 a	 beautiful	 antique	 oak	 desk,	 medical	 degrees covered	the	wall.	Instead	of	taking	a	seat	behind	the	desk,	Hope	plopped	down

on	 a	 large	 yoga	 ball.	 Facing	 the	 desk,	 two	 comfortable-looking	 chairs	 in	 sage green	beckoned.	Anne	took	a	seat.	Hope	scooted	over	until	she	was	across	from

Anne.

“What	 can	 I	 help	 you	 with	 today?	 How’s	 the	 tea	 working	 for	 you?”	 Hope folded	her	hands	on	the	desk.

“Actually,	I	am	feeling	much	better.	Thank	you.”

“I	 heard	 about	 your	 accident.”	 At	 Anne’s	 confusion,	 Hope	 replied,	 “Small town.	 No	 secrets	 here.	 Everyone	 knows	 everyone	 and	 everything.	 Look,	 I recommend	that	you	come	in	for	an	appointment.	We’ll	do	some	tests	and	keep

you	a	healthy	woman.	I	don’t	like	hearing	about	you	fainting	along	with	all	these falls	and	bruises.”

Anne	touched	the	sore	spot.	“I’ll	set	up	an	appointment.	But	that’s	not	really

why	I’m	here.”

“Yes?”

“This	 is	 going	 to	 seem	 strange,	 but	 I	 don’t	 know	 anyone	 else	 to	 ask.	 I thought	maybe	you	could	help	me.”	“Ask	away	and	I’ll	see	if	I	can	help.”	She

adjusted	her	balance	on	the	ball	chair.

“So	you	know	Kandi.	Can	you	tell	me	a	bit	more	about	her	earlier	life—”

Hope	held	up	her	hand	like	a	stop	sign.	“There’s	no	way	she	killed	Ralph.	I don’t	know	what	they’re	thinking	by	even	accusing	her.”

“Then	who?”

“Not	 a	 clue.	 I	 can’t	 imagine	 anyone	 killing	 Ralph.	 Except	 maybe	 me,	 of course.”	Hope	laughed,	but	it	fell	flat.

“What?”	Anne	blurted	out.

“You	probably	don’t	know	this,	but	Ralph	is—was—	my	father.”

“Um,	well—”

“Yes,	long	story.	But	you’re	here	to	talk	about	Kandi.	What	do	you	need	to

know?	But	first,	I	could	go	for	a	cup	of	hot	tea.	You?”

Anne	waited	until	Hope	had	placed	a	steaming	cup	of	tea	in	her	hands.	She

took	a	sip.	“This	is	nice.”

“Chamomile	and	nettle.	Good	for	nerves	and	the	liver.	Plus	I	added	a	bit	of

local	honey.	I	swear	that	Bill’s	honey	is	the	best	in	the	area.	Anyway,	where	were we?	Oh,	yes.	You	want	to	know	about	Kandi.	She	was	still	in	elementary	when	I

was	 in	 high	 school,	 so	 I’ll	 have	 to	 think	 back.	 If	 I	 recall	 it	 right,	 things	 started going	bad	when	she	was	maybe,	oh,	twelve	or	thirteen.	By	then,	I’d	moved	away

to	 study	 medicine	 up	 at	 Bastyr	 University	 in	 Washington.	 But	 I	 remember hearing	the	rumors	when	I	came	back	on	summer	break.

“Her	 mother	 just	 up	 and	 took	 off	 one	 day,	 leaving	 Kandi	 and	 the	 two	 boys behind.	 Abandoned	 them	 downtown	 at	 the	 ice	 cream	 shop	 with	 just	 enough money	 for	 an	 ice	 cream	 sundae.	 She’d	 left	 a	 note	 at	 the	 house	 about	 ‘finding herself.’”	 Hope	 made	 quotes	 with	 her	 fingers.	 “But	 what	 she	 really	 meant	 was running	off	with	some	rich	guy	who	didn’t	want	her	kids.”

Hope	shook	her	head,	took	a	sip	of	tea,	and	set	the	cup	down	on	a	coaster.

Using	both	hands,	she	ruffled	her	cropped	hair.	“At	any	rate,	the	twins—the	boys

—were,	 let	 me	 see…yes,	 about	 sixth	 graders.	 They	 all	 went	 to	 live	 with	 her grandfather,	 but	 Kandi	 pretty	 much	 ended	 up	 raising	 the	 boys.	 Plus	 she	 was	 a housekeeper	 and	 cook	 for	 the	 grandfather	 too.	 He	 simply	 wasn’t	 up	 to	 raising kids	at	his	age.	You’ve	got	to	hand	it	to	her—she	put	in	a	lot	of	work	every	day

after	school.	On	the	weekends	she	babysat	to	help	make	ends	meet,	too.”

“I	thought	I	heard	something	about	a	trust	fund?”	Anne	ventured.

“Oh,	yes.	That	happened,	I	guess,	a	little	over	a	year	ago.	But	need	to	back

up	a	bit.	Years	go	by.	Not	a	word	from	the	mom.	For	all	everyone	knows,	she’s

off	 living	 the	 high	 life,	 or	 she’s	 dead.	 One	 day	 a	 stretch	 limo	 pulls	 up	 at	 the grandfather’s	 house.	 By	 the	 way,	 that’s	 the	 house	 Kandi’s	 living	 in	 now.	 She inherited	it.”

“So	Kandi	received	it	after	her	grandfather—”	Anne	interjected.

“Well,	 that’s	 another	 story.	 Kandi’s	 brothers	 moved	 on	 but	 Kandi	 stayed	 at

home,	 caring	 for	 her	 grandfather.	 Then	 one	 day	 when	 Kandi	 was	 away,	 her grandfather	 fell	 off	 of	 a	 ladder	 and	 broke	 his	 hip.	 He	 went	 to	 step	 on	 an	 upper rung,	 and	 it	 broke	 beneath	 him.	 There	 were	 some	 ugly	 rumors	 about	 what happened,	but	nothing	could	be	proven.	It	was	determined	to	be	a	freak	accident.

He	went	to	a	nursing	home	and	died	just	a	few	months	after	that.”

“How	convenient	for	Jeff,”	Anne	whispered	under	her	breath.

“I	see	you’re	not	part	of	the	Jeff	fan	club.”	Hope	snickered.

Anne’s	face	heated	up.	“Sorry.	I	didn’t	realize	I’d	said	that	out	loud.”

“You	don’t	have	to	apologize	to	me.	Not	a	fan	of	the	guy.	In	fact,	he	gives

me	 the	 creeps.	 I’ve	 often	 thought	 Jeff	 may	 have	 had	 something	 to	 do	 with Kandi’s	grandfather’s	accident.”	She	took	another	sip	of	tea.

Anne	 thought	 back	 to	 the	 figure	 she’d	 seen.	 Could	 it	 have	 been	 Jeff?	 But why	kill	Ralph?

“Sorry,”	Anne	said.	“Please	continue	with	your	story.”	Hope	nodded.	“Turns

out	 Kandi’s	 mom	 had	 stage	 four	 cancer.	 She	 wanted	 to	 make	 it	 right	 with	 the kids	 before	 she	 died.	 The	 boys	 are	 off	 backpacking	 the	 world,	 but	 she	 finds Kandi.	She	wants	to	make	amends	and	spend	the	last	bit	of	time	she	has	left	with

her	kids.	But	Kandi	doesn’t	want	anything	to	do	with	her.	Jeff	tries	to	get	her	to listen.	She	refuses.	Kandi	tells	her	mother	to	get	out	and	never	come	back.”

Hope	 cocked	 her	 head.	 “What	 was	 her	 name?	 Can’t	 remember	 now.	 So	 the

mom	ended	up	dying	a	few	months	later.	She	left	the	three	kids	huge	trust	funds.

Next	year	when	Kandi	turns	twenty-five,	she’ll	have	full	access	to	hers.”

“What	are	we	talking	moneywise?”	“From	what	I’ve	heard,	millions.”

“Millions?”	Anne	set	her	cup	down	on	the	table.	“That’s	a	lot	of	motive—I

mean	money.”

“Yes.	 Jeff	 lucked	 out	 by	 marrying	 a	 very-soon-to-be	 wealthy	 woman.”	 She looked	pointedly	at	Anne.

“Yes.	How	lucky	for	him.”	An	idea	occurred	to	Anne.	“So	what	happens	if

Kandi	is	convicted	of	Ralph’s	murder?”

“I	guess	it	would	stay	in	trust.	I	know	Kandi	told	me	that	Jeff	has	power	of

attorney	over	it	should	anything	happen	to	her.	But	who	knows?	Not	sure	what

happens	 if	 she	 were	 to	 be	 convicted	 of	 Ralph’s	 murder.”	 Her	 mouth	 tightened.

“I’d	hate	to	see	that	man	get	one	penny.”

“Interesting.	So	when	did	Jeff	and	Kandi	marry?”	“Let’s	see.	I	think	it	was

just	after	the	visit	from	Kandi’s	mom.	I	believe	they	eloped.	No	one	can	say	for

sure	but	I’m	fairly	certain	that	Jeff	talked	with	Kandi’s	mother.	He	can	put	on	the charm	when	he	needs	it.	So	he	knew	Kandi	would	be	coming	into	money.”

Anne	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 dregs	 of	 tea	 leaves	 in	 her	 cup.	 If	 only	 they	 could give	her	the	insight	to	see	into	the	future.	One	thing	she	did	know.	Jeff	wasn’t	a

nice	man,	and	she	would	bet	her	last	dollar	that	he	married	Kandi	to	get	to	the millions	in	her	trust	fund.	But	would	he	go	as	far	as	murder?

Could	 Jeff	 have	 said	 he	 was	 out	 of	 town,	 flown	 into	 the	 city,	 and	 driven	 in that	 night?	 He	 could	 have	 killed	 Ralph,	 thrown	 the	 axe	 in	 the	 bushes	 of	 their home,	and	headed	back	to	his	conference.	He	could	simply	say	he’d	been	asleep

all	night.	The	next	day	he	could	act	like	he’d	been	at	the	conference	all	morning.

Then	 he	 could	 have	 flown	 back	 out	 to	 be	 at	 Kandi’s	 side	 and	 play	 the	 role	 of doting	husband.	Unfortunately,	he’d	failed	that	part	big	time.

Kandi	 did	 need	 help,	 but	 maybe	 her	 enemy	 was	 closer	 than	 either	 of	 them had	considered.	She	needed	to	get	with	Kandi	and	figure	out	the	situation	with

Jeff.

“Well,	I’ll	let	you	get	back	to	work.	Thanks	for	the	tea	and	the	information.

By	the	way,	it’s	none	of	my	business	but	I	happened	to	notice	Kandi’s	tattoo.”

“Oh	yes— Past	—right?”	Anne	nodded.

Hope	stood	up.	“Well,	as	you	can	imagine,	the	strain	of	her	mother	leaving

and	then	dying	with	no	reconciliation	along	with	losing	her	grandfather	took	its

toll.	 I	 recommended	 Kandi	 seek	 out	 some	 therapy.	 She	 did	 and	 when	 she completed	 it,	 she	 got	 the	 tattoo.	 She	 says	 it	 reminds	 her	 that	 the	 past	 is	 behind her.	Now	she	can	look	forward.”	She	shook	her	head.	“I	hope	for	Kandi’s	sake

they	can	figure	out	what	really	happened.”

“Me	 too.	 She’s	 such	 a	 sweet	 girl.”	 Anne	 grabbed	 the	 tweed	 jacket	 off	 the chair.	“This	weather	is	sure	nippy	in	the	mornings	and	evenings	now.”

“Yes,	 it’s	 that	 time	 of	 the	 year	 when	 you	 really	 need	 to	 layer	 all	 the	 time because	you	just	don’t	know	what	to	expect	weather-wise.	As	we	always	say	in

Colorado,	wait	five	minutes	if	you	don’t	like	the	current	weather.”

Anne	crossed	the	room.	As	she	reached	the	door,	she	turned.	“Just	one	more

thing.	You	said	something	about	you	killing	Ralph?”

Hope	 laughed.	 “That’s	 another	 story	 for	 another	 time.	 But	 I	 certainly

wouldn’t	have	killed	him	with	an	axe.	I’d	have	poisoned	him.”





Chapter	Seven

Anne	 waved	 goodbye	 to	 Hope,	 who	 had	 risen	 from	 her	 perch,	 and	 then	 exited the	office.

Reminder	to	self,	no	more	tea	with	Hope. She	chuckled.	She	heard	the	back door	open	and	rounded	the	corner	to	encounter	Eliza	headed	down	the	hallway.

Seeing	 Anne,	 the	 woman	 stopped	 abruptly.	 Her	 eyes	 widened. She	 must	 be trying	to	remember	where	she	knows	me. Anne	smiled.	“Hello.	Good	to	see	you again.”

“Again?”	 Distress	 marred	 Eliza’s	 face	 for	 a	 split	 second.	 “You	 know.

Someone	had	hit	your	bumper.”

“Oh	 yes,	 quite.	 I	 apologize	 for	 my	 manners	 that	 day.	 I	 was	 in	 such	 a	 state over	someone	doing	such	a	horrible	thing.”	She	hesitated.	“But	I	guess	we	never

fully	understand	what	a	person	is	going	through	at	that	moment.	Do	we?”

“True.	They	probably	didn’t	even	realize	they	had	hit	your	car.”

“Exactly.”	Tension	seemed	to	leave	her	as	she	spoke.	“However,	I	do	know

who	it	is,	um,	was.”

“Oh	that’s	good.	You	can	get	their	insurance	to	pay	for	the	damage.”

“I	don’t	think	so.”	Eliza	removed	one	of	her	purple	kid	gloves.

“Why	not?”

“It	was	Ralph	Rogers.”

Anne	 gulped.	 This	 town	 really	 was	 interconnected.	 “Here’s	 the	 valerian

tincture.”	 Hope’s	 voice	 carried	 as	 she	 appeared	 around	 the	 corner.	 “Oh,	 sorry.

Didn’t	know	you	were	still	here,	Anne.”

“Just	leaving.	Thanks	again	for	the	tea	and	the	conversation.”	She	exited	the

back	door	and	walked	home	on	a	recently	discovered	shortcut	that	cut	off	quite	a

bit	of	time	if	she	wanted	to	walk	to	town.	Anne’s	thoughts	swirled	along	with	the leaves	dancing	in	the	wind.



Could	 Hope	 be	 the	 murderer?	 If	 she’d	 killed	 Ralph,	 why	 do	 it	 now?	 What could	be	the	motive?	Technically,	she	could	have	used	an	untraceable	poison	to disable	 him	 and	 then	 killed	 him	 with	 the	 axe.	 No,	 it	 made	 no	 sense.	 From	 all accounts	it	didn’t	seem	like	a	planned	attack.

Anne	sighed	deeply.	She	puffed	out	her	cheeks	as	she	exhaled	her	frustration.

How	do	fictional	detectives	figure	it	out?	They	don’t	have	all	the	evidence	either.

Just	as	I	think	I’ve	got	it	narrowed	down,	another	person	with	a	motive	pops	up.

Why	did	I	promise	to	help	Kandi?

“First	 things	 first.	 We	 need	 to	 make	 a	 list	 of	 suspects.”	 Kandi	 pushed	 the button	on	her	coffeemaker.	The	young	woman	looked	better	after	a	few	nights	of

sleep	in	her	own	bed.

“That’s	great,	Kandi,	but	please	remember	I’m	new	here.	I	only	know	a	small

group	in	town	so	my	suspect	list	is	pretty	small.”	Wood	crackled	in	the	fireplace from	 a	 recently	 started	 fire.	 Two	 cozy	 rockers	 stationed	 in	 front	 of	 the	 hearth beckoned.	 Lights	 glowed	 from	 table	 lamps	 making	 the	 room	 warm	 and

comforting.	Anne	shrugged	out	of	her	jacket,	hanging	it	on	a	nearby	empty	coat

tree.	 “But	 that’s	 how	 you	 will	 help!”	 She	 came	 over	 and	 hugged	 Anne	 before returning	to	her	tasks.	“I	can’t	imagine	anyone	in	this	town	killing	Ralph.	Since you’re	new,	you	will	see	people	in	a	different	light.	You	know,

spot	the	bad	guy.”

Yes,	but	you	probably	wouldn’t	want	me	telling	you	he’s	your	husband. Anne took	a	moment	to	warm	her	hands	in	front	of	the	fire.

“I	knew	we	could	use	help,	so	I	called	on	some	people	to	contribute	to	our

suspect	list.”

“Knock,	knock.”	Eliza’s	voice	came	from	the	front.

Kandi	 clapped	 her	 hands.	 “And	 here	 they	 come,	 right	 on	 time.”	 She	 yelled out,	“Come	on	back.	We’re	in	the	kitchen.”

Eliza	 entered.	 Anne	 knew	 she	 was	 staring	 but	 couldn’t	 look	 away.	 The

woman	 moved	 like	 a	 black	 panther,	 sleek	 and	 beautiful,	 mesmerizing	 with	 her grace	 and	 splendor.	 In	 a	 sea	 of	 white	 faces,	 this	 woman	 was	 like	 an	 exotic foreign	creature	that	had	accidently	found	its	way	into	a	barnyard.

But	panthers	are	also	very	deadly.	Could	she	have	killed	Ralph?	What	would

have	been	her	motive?	Did	she	snap	over	Ralph	hitting	her	car?	She	definitely seems	uptight	about	something.

Eliza	finally	noticed	Anne’s	stare.	She	smiled.	Her	perfect	white	teeth	stood

out	against	the	coffee	skin	and	ruby-red	lips.	“I	didn’t	realize	you	would	be	here

as	well.”	Eliza	removed	her	cashmere	coat	and	neatly	folded	it	over	a	side	chair.

On	top	of	the	coat,	she	carefully	placed	her	fur-trimmed	hat.	Then	she	proceeded

to	take	off	her	cream	suede	gloves.	Unlike	most	people	removing	gloves,	Eliza

delicately	pulled	one	fingertip	at	a	time	until	the	glove	lay	loose	on	her	fingers.

After	 removing	 them,	 she	 placed	 the	 gloves	 into	 a	 pocket	 inside	 her	 stylish Birkin	handbag.	Eliza	now	sported	a	vibrant	purple	nail	polish.	“Kandi	asked	me

to	 participate.	 Though	 not	 sure	 what	 I’ll	 be	 able	 to	 do	 other	 than	 offer	 moral support.”	“Sometimes	the	support	of	another	is	the	only	way	that	we	are	able	to

survive	in	this	cruel	world.”	Sadness	moved	across	Eliza’s	face,	though	she	tried to	hide	it	under	a	false	smile.	Before	she	sat	down,	Eliza	reached	into	her	purse and	brought	out	a	canvas	bag.	“Kandi	dear,	may	I	use	your	bathroom?	I	need	to

prepare	my	hands.”

“Just	go	ahead.	I	don’t	think	you	have	to	go	to	the	bathroom	just	to	put	on

lotion.”

“Here?”

“Sure,	 go	 ahead.”	 Kandi	 continued	 assembling	 glasses	 next	 to	 a	 pitcher	 of lemonade.

From	 the	 bag	 she	 carried,	 Eliza	 pulled	 out	 a	 piece	 of	 felt,	 wooden	 toaster tongs,	a	set	of	white	cotton	gloves,	and	some	fleece.	Finally,	she	retrieved	what looked	 like	 an	 expensive	 jar	 of	 face	 cream.	 Anne	 watched	 intently	 as	 Eliza liberally	laced	one	of	her	hands	with	the	creamy	mixture.	Then	with	the	help	of

the	tongs,	she	slowly	slid	the	glove	over	it.	When	both	hands	were	gloved,	she

wiped	 the	 jar	 with	 the	 fleece	 and	 put	 everything	 into	 the	 little	 bag.	 From	 there she	placed	it	in	her	purse.

Whatever	Eliza	does,	she	is	rolling	in	the	bucks.	That	purse	is	easily	$25,000

or	more.

As	if	on	cue,	Kandi	joined	them	at	the	table.	“I	don’t	know	if	you	know	this,

but, like,	Eliza	is	a	model.	Her	hands	are, like,	in	all	types	of	magazines.	Cool, right?	Next	time	you	see	an	advertisement	with	a	celebrity	in	a	magazine,	check

out	 her	 hands.	 They’re	 probably	 Eliza’s.”	 “I	 expect	 that’s	 very	 exciting.”

Explains	 the	 weird	 hand	 and	 glove	 thing,	 as	 well	 as	 where	 the	 money	 comes from.

“Not	as	much	as	you	would	think.”	Eliza	placed	her	hands	in	her	lap.	“Quite

a	few	people	in	the	industry	are	not	very	nice.	It	really	is	all	an	act	for	them.”

Anne	chimed	in.	“Don’t	I	know	it.	People	can	appear	one	way	in	public	but

be	entirely	different	in	private.”

Eliza	closed	her	eyes	and	took	a	breath.	“Please	forgive	me.	I	have	started	us

down	a	rutted	path.	However,	this	is	no	excuse	for	my	statement.”

Kandi	 broke	 the	 tense	 moment	 with	 a	 laugh.	 “Seriously?	 You	 know	 what

they	say—every	time	you, like,	point	one	finger	at	someone	else,	you	point	three others	back	at	yourself.	I,	for	one,	can’t	judge	anybody.	I’m	too	busy	keeping	up with	 my	 own	 faults	 without	 looking	 for	 them	 in	 others!”	 She	 gave	 a	 light squeeze	on	Eliza’s	shoulder	as	she	returned	to	the	counter.	“Now,	would	you	like

a	cup	of	coffee?	Just	brewed	it.”

“Thank	 you	 for	 asking,	 sweet	 Kandi.	 Might	 you	 have	 anything	 without

caffeine?”

Anne	 noticed	 the	 forced	 smile.	 Once	 Eliza	 sat	 down,	 light	 from	 a	 nearby table	 revealed	 that	 even	 skillful	 makeup	 application	 couldn’t	 hide	 bloodshot eyes,	dark	circles,	and	puffiness.	Eliza	was	definitely	struggling	with	something.

Kandi	raised	the	coffee	carafe	with	a	questioning	look	and	Anne	nodded	yes

to	 the	 hot	 brew.	 She	 turned	 her	 attention	 back	 to	 Eliza.	 “Are	 you	 not	 feeling well?”

“I	 am	 not	 sleeping	 as	 well	 as	 I	 would	 like.”	 A	 deep	 sigh	 escaped	 her	 lips.

“This	is	why	I	went	to	see	Hope.”

Anne	 touched	 the	 woman’s	 arm.	 “Please,	 if	 you	 need	 anything,	 don’t

hesitate.	Us	‘girls’	need	each	other.”

“That	is	very	thoughtful.	Thank	you	for	your	generous	offer.”

Anne	patted	her	arm.	Then	reaching	out,	she	grabbed	a	legal	pad	Kandi	had

placed	on	the	table.	“Okay,	are	we	ready	to	get—”

“We’re	 here!”	 Hope	 and	 her	 mother,	 Faith,	 had	 come	 in	 while	 they’d	 been talking.	 “Sorry	 we’re	 late.	 I	 had	 an	 appointment	 that	 went	 a	 bit	 longer	 than expected.”	She	guided	her	mother	across	the	large	room.

Hope	retrieved	a	muslin	packet	from	her	pocket.	Taking	a	pinch	of	the	herbs

from	 the	 bag,	 she	 placed	 them	 in	 a	 tea	 ball	 Kandi	 provided.	 When	 Hope	 spied Anne	watching,	she	said,	“For	clarity.”	She	put	the	tea	in	to	a	cup	of	water.

Faith	hadn’t	spoken.	The	elderly	woman	now	stared	off	into	space.	Did	her

mother	have	dementia?	What	a	heavy	burden	on	Hope.

“I	 brought	 enough	 herbs	 in	 case	 any	 of	 you	 would	 like	 some	 herbal	 tea	 as well.	I	expect	we	could	definitely	use	some	clarity	as	we	begin.”	Hope	held	up

the	packet	in	her	hand.

“Sounds	good	to	me.”	Kandi	plopped	down	on	the	edge	of	the	chair	opposite

Faith.

Eliza	replied,	“Yes,	please	do.”

As	 Hope	 prepared	 tea,	 Anne	 spoke,	 “Kandi,	 I’ve	 been	 meaning	 to	 tell	 you.

This	is	such	a	cozy	room.	I	love	it.”

Kandi	 smiled	 as	 she	 glanced	 around	 contentedly.	 “I’ve	 always	 wanted	 a

gathering	 place,	 and	 I’m	 always	 drawn	 to	 the	 kitchen.	 After	 my	 grandfather passed	on,	the	house	became	mine.	I	guess	Pops	knew	how	much	this	old	place

meant	 to	 me.	 Anyway,	 I	 begged	 Jeff	 to	 tear	 down	 the	 wall	 between	 the	 old kitchen	 and	 the	 dining	 room.	 In	 the	 process,	 we	 uncovered	 the	 old	 fireplace.

Luckily,	 it	 was	 still	 usable.	 So	 we	 had	 it	 updated,	 and	 now	 this	 room	 has become, like,	 my	 favorite	 place.”	 She	 began	 to	 tear	 up.	 “But	 all	 this	 could	 be taken	away	from	me	if	I	have	to, like,	go	to	trial,	and	they	convict	me	of	Ralph’s murder.”

The	old	woman	leaned	forward	and	took	Kandi’s	hands	in	hers.	Faith	looked

at	Kandi	through	glazed	eyes.	Eliza	squirmed	in	her	seat.	Hope	stopped	pouring

water	 into	 the	 teapot.	 She	 went	 over	 to	 Kandi	 and	 embraced	 her.	 “We’re	 not going	to	let	that	happen,	not	if	we	can	help	it.”	She	turned	to	everyone.	“Right?”

They	all	responded	in	unison	and	nodded	in	agreement.

Kandi	sniffled.	“Thanks	everyone.	Now,	where	should	we	start?”	She	joined

them	at	the	table.	A	bang	of	the	screen	door	didn’t	allow	for	any	answer.

“Hey,	Kandi,	I	just	came	by	to—”	Stewart	entered	the	room.	“What’s	going

on	here?”

“They’re	going	to	help	me	figure	out	who	really	killed	Ralph.”

“Well,	 is	 that	 so?	 Then	 I’m	 staying.	 I	 want	 to	 hear	 what	 you	 all	 think.”	 He grabbed	 a	 chair	 from	 the	 table,	 flipped	 it	 backward,	 and	 sat	 down,	 his	 arms hanging	over	the	wooden	spindles.

“I	suppose, like,	that’s	all	right.	The	more	help,	the	better	for	me.”

“Kandi!”	Jeff’s	voice	bellowed	down	from	upstairs.	Feet	pounded	down	the

flight	of	steps.	“Kandi!	I	told	you—”	He	entered	the	kitchen	carrying	a	pair	of

pants.	 He	 still	 wore	 his	 dress	 shirt	 and	 tie	 but	 these	 stood	 in	 opposition	 to	 his gray	sweatpants.

Spotting	 the	 group,	 his	 tone	 turned	 sickly	 sweet.	 “Honey,	 can	 I	 speak	 with you	 for	 a	 moment?”	 He	 motioned	 for	 her	 to	 join	 him.	 As	 the	 couple	 left	 the kitchen,	Anne	moved	closer	to	the	passage.	When	had	she	gotten	so	protective	of

this	girl?	Oblivious	to	her,	the	others	chatted	with	one	another	while	Faith	made tea.

Jeff’s	voice,	though	low,	was	still	audible.	“I	thought	I	asked	you	not	to	park

in	the	garage.	Look.”	Anne	heard	the	rustle	of	fabric.	“I	stepped	in	that	puddle

out	there.	It	stained	my	pants.	It	messed	up	my	shoes	too.”

“Sorry,	Jeff.	I	figured	since	you’re	gone	so	much—”

Anne	 moved	 quickly	 as	 Jeff	 marched	 back	 through	 the	 kitchen	 and	 up	 the back	stairs.	He	 didn’t	stop	or	 acknowledge	the	group.	 Kandi	returned,	carrying the	muddied	pants.	She	made	a	joke	about	the	situation	before	putting	the	slacks

into	a	bag.	But	no	quip	could	take	away	the	flush	on	the	young	woman’s	cheeks.

“Shall	 we	 get	 started?”	 Hope	 interjected,	 ignoring	 the	 scene	 they	 had	 just witnessed.	She	pulled	a	pad	of	multicolored	sticky	notes	from	her	purse.

Anne	 realized	 that	 her	 entire	 list	 of	 suspects	 was	 in	 front	 of	 her. Is	 the murderer	here?	What	about	Jeff?	I	almost	hope	he’s	the	killer,	so	they	lock	him up	and	throw	away	the	key.

Anne	listened	as	the	group	spouted	names	of	possible	suspects.	The	list	grew

long.	“Seems	like	Ralph	had	more	enemies	than	friends.”

“Hey!	 That’s	 my	 uncle	 you’re	 talking	 about.”	 Stewart	 half	 rose	 from	 his chair.

“Oh,	stop	it.	You	didn’t	like	him	that	much	either.”	Hope	balled	up	a	sticky

note	and	threw	it	at	him.	“In	fact,	you’re	probably	the	killer.”

“Funny,	ha-ha.	If	you	weren’t	a	relative	…”	He	grinned	at	Hope.

“Well,”	 Anne	 said	 quietly,	 “you	 do	 have	 a	 motive.”	 He	 turned	 to	 her.	 “Are you	serious?”

She	shrugged	her	shoulders. Are	you	nuts?	Why	did	you	just	say	that?	Don’t

you	remember	how	he	threatened	you	about	coming	to	harm?

Hope	 jumped	 into	 the	 conversation.	 “She’s	 right.	 Any	 of	 us	 in	 this	 room could	have	done	it.”

Anne	fidgeted. Please,	oh,	please,	let	it	not	be	Hope.	I’d	rather	not	die	from drinking	a	poisoned	tea.

“Really?	Says	who?”	Stewart	snapped.

Hope	pulled	off	a	yellow	notepaper.	She	wrote	boldly	in	black:	STEWART.

“I	think	this	may	help	us.	For	grins,	let’s	start	with	us.	We’ll	use	the	yellow	post-it	 for	 the	 names,	 the	 orange	 for	 the	 motive,	 the	 green	 one	 for	 alibi,	 and	 so	 on.

What	do	you	all	think?”

“Okay.	 I’m	 game.	 Hold	 on.”	 Kandi	 jumped	 up	 from	 her	 seat	 and	 left	 the room.	With	her	exit,	an	uncomfortable	silence	enveloped	the	group.	She	returned

lugging	 a	 large	 picture	 frame	 with	 a	 whiteboard	 in	 the	 middle.	 Stewart	 hopped up	and	grabbed	the	frame	from	Kandi.

“Let	me	get	that	for	you.”	He	smiled	down	at	Kandi.	“First,	Stewart.”	Hope

posted	 the	 yellow	 paper	 to	 the	 frame.	 “So	 where	 were	 you	 from	 eight	 that evening	until	around	six	the	next	morning?”

“Why	that	time	frame?”	Anne	inquired.

“Ralph	left	the	diner	around	seven-thirtyish	the	evening	before	his	death.	By

the	time	he	got	home,	and	then	went	out	to	his	backyard,	we’re	talking	at	least

eight	at	night.	Kandi	found	his	body	around	six	the	next	morning.”	Hope	reached

over	and	comforted	Kandi	who	had	tensed	at	the	recollection.

Eliza	shivered.	“It’s	just	too	horrible.”

“Come	sit	by	me,	dear.”	Everyone	jumped	as	the	older	woman	spoke	for	the

first	time.	“You	need	not	be	afraid	any	longer.	They	can’t	find	you	here.”	Faith

looked	 directly	 at	 Eliza,	 whose	 shocked	 face	 contrasted	 greatly	 with	 her	 usual

calm	demeanor.

Hope	rose	and	went	over	to	her	mother.	“Mama,	here.	Let	me	put	this	over

you.”	 She	 tucked	 a	 nearby	 throw	 around	 the	 woman	 and	 rejoined	 the	 group sitting	around	the	antique	oak	table.	She	lowered	her	voice	and	spoke	to	Anne.

“Some	 days	 are	 good	 and	 some	 not	 so	 good.	 We	 just	 never	 know	 from	 day	 to day.”

“What	did	Faith	mean	by	what	she	said	to	Eliza?”	Anne	poured	more	coffee

into	her	mug.

“She’s, like,	got	the	sight,”	Kandi	quipped	to	Anne.	“What?”

“Oh,	yeah.	She, like,	got	it	from	her	mama,	and, like,	her	mama’s	mama	had it	 too.	 Some	 in	 town	 say	 it’s	 the	 gift	 of	 second	 sight.	 The	 old-timers	 call	 it witchcraft.”

“Does	she	have	it?”	Anne	nodded	toward	Hope.

“If	she	does,	she	keeps	it	hidden.	She’s	pretty	good	at	knowing	what’s	wrong

with	 a	 person	 though.”	 With	 Hope	 correctly	 diagnosing	 her	 menopausal

symptoms,	 Anne	 couldn’t	 dispute	 that.	 Blood	 tests	 advised	 by	 Hope	 had	 also shown	 Anne	 was	 a	 bit	 anemic	 and	 had	 some	 adrenal	 insufficiency	 caused	 by stress.	 Hope’s	 medicinal	 protocol	 had	 helped	 Anne	 immensely	 and	 she	 was already	feeling	much	better.

Hope	spoke	to	the	group.	“Let’s	see,	where	were	we?	Oh	yes.	A	killer.	Back

to	you	then,	Stewart.	You	never	said.	Where	were	you?”

“I	 wasn’t	 even	 in	 town	 that	 day.	 I	 was	 over	 in	 Frisco	 with	 a	 delivery.	 I	 got sleepy	driving	home,	so	I	pulled	over	into	a	parking	lot	and	slept	in	my	truck.”

“So	no	one	can	vouch	for	you	or	your	whereabouts	that	evening?”

“No.	But	why	would	I	want	to	kill	the	old	man?	He’s	always	been	good	to

me.	He	got	me	set	up	with	my	van	and	helped	me	get	my	business	going.”

“What	 about	 the	 house	 and	 property?”	 Anne	 interjected.	 “You	 stand	 to

inherit	it.”

He	looked	at	Anne.	“Hope	and	I	both	inherit.

Anyway,	what	do	I	want	with	that	old	place?”

“You	 could	 sell	 it,”	 Anne	 answered.	 “Ralph’s	 lot	 is	 definitely	 bigger	 than mine	and	Kandi’s.	Or	he	could	have	left	you	money	in	his	will.	Maybe	he	told

you	that	recently,	and	you	thought	you	could	use	the	money	now	versus	later.	We

saw	you	storming	off	from	his	place,	mad	about	something.”

Stewart	gaped	at	Anne.	“You’ve	been	thinking	a	whole	lot	about	this,	haven’t

you?”

“Not	really.	I’m	simply	saying	you	have	motive.”	“Well,	how	about	this?	All

of	us	have	been	here	for	years.	Yet	you	show	up	and	within	a	month,	my	uncle	is

dead.	You	just	said	his	property	is	better	than	yours.	You	got	hurt	in	his	compost

pile.	Maybe	you	decided	to	retaliate,	but	it	went	too	far.	And	just	after	I	said	the killer	returns	to	the	scene	of	the	crime,	I	see	you	out	in	the	middle	of	the	night	in my	uncle’s	yard!”

Anne	felt	the	intense	stares.	One	person’s	gaze	in	particular.

Kandi’s.





Chapter	Eight

The	 meeting	 at	 Kandi’s	 had	 lasted	 over	 two	 hours,	 but	 they	 had	 come	 up	 with nothing	 conclusive.	 Anne	 wanted	 to	 talk	 to	 Kandi	 about	 getting	 some	 real professional	help.	Anne	decided	to	take	it	up	with	her	the	next	time	they	met.

As	luck	would	have	it,	they	met	up	a	few	days	later.	After	Kandi	had	grabbed

some	juice	from	Anne’s	refrigerator,	Anne	spoke.	“Um,	so	tell	me	a	bit	about—”

“You, like,	hate	men.”	Kandi	pointed	her	finger	at	Anne.

“I	don’t	‘ like’	 hate	men.	Plus	that	makes	absolutely	no	sense.	How	can	you like	hate	men?”	Anne	grabbed	at	Kandi’s	finger.	“Don’t	be	pointing	that	at	me.	It has	a	nail	in	it.”

“What?”	 Kandi	 cocked	 her	 head.	 With	 her	 hair	 pulled	 up	 into	 pigtails	 she looked	a	bit	like	a	cocker	spaniel	puppy,	one	with	bright	red	fur.

“Oh,	forget	it.	But	just	to	settle	it	so	we	can	move	on,	I	don’t	hate	men.”

“Yes,	you	do!”

“No.	I.	Don’t!”	Anne	took	a	deep	breath.	She	knew	Kandi	was	teasing,	but

her	 emotions	 concerning	 men	 still	 felt	 a	 bit	 raw.	 “First,	 I	 don’t	 know	 how	 we even	got	on	this	subject	to	begin	with.	Second,	I	have	no	idea	where	you	got	the

impression	that	I	hate	men.”

“Well,	you	have	warned	me	off	about	Stewart	since	you	think	he	could	have,

like,	the	best	motive	for	killing	his	uncle.	I	can	tell	you’re, like, not	a	fan	of	Jeff.

Every	time	he	comes	into	the	room	you	act	like	you’ve	just	smelt	something	bad.

You, like,	just	told	me	this	morning	how	rude	Sheriff	Carson	is.	Need	I	go	on?”

Anne	felt	she	was	battling	a	twelve-year-old.

“You	know, like,	 Stewart	 stands	 to	 make	 quite	 a	 bit	 of	 money. Like,	 off	 his uncle’s	house.	I’m	not, like,	going	to	talk	about	Jeff.	And	Carson, like,	was	rude, like	.”	Anne	grinned	widely	at	Kandi.

“I	don’t	know	why	you’re	getting	so, like	—”	“Argghhh.	If	you	say	 like	 one

more	time,	I’m	going	to	bang	you	over	the	head!”	She	dug	through	her	recycle bin	and	threatened	Kandi	with	an	empty	paper	towel	tube.

“Why	do	you, like,	have	a	problem	with…oh.”	Kandi	giggled.	“I	didn’t	even know	I	was	saying	it.”

“Well,	 you	 are.	 A	 lot.	 I’m	 glad	 your	 placeholder	 is	 the	 word	 ‘like’	 versus	 a cuss	word,	though.”

“Okay.	I	will, like	—”	She	covered	her	mouth	and	giggled.	“I	will	try	not	to say	 like.”	 She	 curtseyed.	 “Ma-	 lady.”	 Kandi	 crossed	 her	 arms.	 “Hey—you’re getting	off	topic.	I	still	say	you	hate	men!”

“I’m	not	going	to	argue	with	you.	I	like	men.”	“Good.”	Kandi	picked	up	her

phone,	 typed	 in	 a	 text	 message,	 and	 pressed	 send.	 Her	 phone	 pinged	 with	 a return	message.	“You	need	to	be	at	the	Plowman’s	Pub	at	seven	tonight.	They	do

a	mean	chicken-fried	steak.	Your	date	will	be	wearing	a	red	tie.”

“What!	Did	you	just	set	me	up?	I	don’t	want	to	go	on	a	blind	date!”

“I	 thought, like	 —”	 She	 stopped,	 then	 started	 again.	 “I	 thought	 you	 didn’t hate	men?”

“I	don’t.	I’m	simply	not	ready	to	date.”	Anne	slumped	back	in	her	chair.

“You	don’t	have	to	get	married.	Go	have	some	fun.

You	never	leave	your	house.”

A	knock	at	the	front	door	interrupted	the	tirade.	Kandi	jumped	up	and	Anne

strode	to	the	door,	opening	it.

Kandi	continued	her	chattering,	“Now	what	are	you	going	to	wear?”

“Wear?”	Eliza	stood	at	the	door.

“Eliza.	Come	in.	Perfect	timing.”	Kandi	motioned	the	woman	to	join	them.

“Would	you	like	some	tea?”

“I	wanted	to	bring	you	some	flowers	Kandi.	I	feel	so	horrible	about…”	The

thought	 trailed	 off,	 and	 Anne	 watched	 as	 a	 somber	 expression	 passed	 across Eliza’s	 face.	 “Anyway,	 Jeff	 told	 me	 you	 were	 over	 at	 Anne’s.	 I	 hope	 I’m	 not intruding.”

Kandi	 moved	 quickly	 and	 embraced	 the	 woman,	 who	 stood	 a	 good	 head

taller	than	her.	“That’s	so	sweet.	Thank	you.”

“So	what	is	this	I	hear	about	something	to	wear?”	Eliza	handed	the	flowers

to	Kandi.

“Anne	has	a	dinner	date	tonight.”	Kandi	grinned	smugly.

“Oh,	 how	 fun.”	 Anne	 felt	 Eliza	 giving	 her	 the	 once-	 over.	 “What	 are	 you going	to	wear?”

Anne’s	 thoughts	 traveled	 back	 in	 time	 to	 when	 she	 had	 a	 closet	 full	 of couture.	She’d	donated	them	to	a	thrift	store	that	supported	battered	women.

That	 had	 been	 when	 she	 knew	 she’d	 truly	 left	 her	 old	 life—and	 Duke—

behind.	 He	 couldn’t	 force	 her	 to	 be	 or	 do	 anything	 she	 didn’t	 want	 to	 be	 any more.	She	was	free.

“Hello?	Anne?	Daydreaming?”	Kandi’s	voice	chased	away	the	past.

Anne	glanced	up	to	see	Eliza	and	Kandi	staring	at	her.	“Looked	more	like	a

nightmare.”	Eliza	frowned.

Anne	ignored	the	pair.	“I	don’t	have	anything	to	wear.	Basically	a	few	pairs

of	jeans,	some	tops,	and	the	dress	you	saw	me	in	the	other	day.	Oh	well,	that’s

unfortunate.	But	looks	like	you’ll	just	need	to	call	him	back	and	cancel.”

Kandi	 shook	 her	 head.	 “Oh	 no,	 you	 don’t.	 That’s	 the	 dumbest	 excuse	 ever.

You’re	going,	even	if	you	wear	what	you’re	wearing	now!”

“Oh.	This	will	not	do.”	Eliza	sized	Anne	up.	“What	are	you	a	ten	to	twelve?”

Anne	shrugged.

“Wait	 here.	 Kandi,	 can	 you	 help	 me	 get	 some	 clothes	 out	 of	 my	 vehicle?”

Eliza	exited	the	house,	with	Kandi	trailing	behind	her.

Returning	quickly,	Kandi	held	the	door	while	Eliza	entered	the	room,	a	pile

of	dresses	on	hangers	draped	over	her	arms.	“Yes,	I	think	one	of	these	will	do.

Stand	up,	please.”

Anne	obeyed.	Eliza	moved	quickly,	sizing	up	the	dresses,	throwing	those	she

rejected	over	the	back	of	a	chair,	until	she	came	to	a	flowing	shift	of	mint	green with	a	matching	jacket.	“This.”	She	held	it	up	in	front	of	Anne.

Kandi	 gasped.	 “Beautiful.	 Where	 did	 you	 get	 these?”	 “Designers	 often	 do knockoffs	 and	 samples.	 I	 take	 whatever	 the	 other	 models	 don’t	 want	 and	 give them	to	a	charity	I	support.	Go	try	it	on.”

“Wow.	 That’s	 like	 awesome	 timing.”	 Kandi	 beamed	 while	 Anne	 went	 into

the	bathroom	to	try	on	the	dress.	She	gazed	at	herself	for	a	long	moment	in	the

full-length	 mirror	 attached	 to	 the	 wall.	 The	 dress	 fit	 like	 a	 glove.	 She	 fingered the	material	on	the	jacket.	The	tag	showed	a	size	ten.

Duke	would	have	thrown	a	fit.	It	would	have	been	just	like	that	time	before

that	fundraiser	when	he’d	shamed	her	into	a	ridiculous	amount	of	dieting	so	she

could	 look	 appropriately	 skinny	 on	 his	 arm.	 She’d	 landed	 in	 the	 hospital	 after that	one.	She’d	much	rather	be	a	size	ten	than	do	that	again.

Even	 after	 gorging	 herself	 on	 food	 and	 drink	 after	 she’d	 left	 Duke,	 Anne knew	she	was	still	an	attractive	woman.	She	didn’t	need	to	be	bone	thin	to	feel

good	in	her	own	skin.	She	smiled.	It	had	been	a	while	since	she’d	felt	this	good

about	herself.

Kandi	 and	 Eliza	 clapped	 as	 Anne	 returned	 to	 the	 kitchen	 and	 took	 a	 turn around	the	area.	They	all	laughed	as	she	did	her	worst	catwalk	imitation,	striking poses	and	making	duck	faces	over	her	shoulder.

Eliza	 looked	 at	 Anne	 and	 then	 turned	 to	 Kandi.	 In	 unison,	 they	 cried,

“Marilyn!”

“Who’s	Marilyn?”	Anne	removed	the	jacket	and	placed	it	back	on	a	hanger.

“She’s	the	genius	who’s	going	to	do	something	super	cool	with	your	hair.	Go

change	and	let’s	get	moving.	No	time	to	waste.”	Kandi	reached	for	her	phone.

The	 day	 passed	 quickly.	 Marilyn	 hennaed	 Anne’s	 hair	 into	 a	 glossy	 auburn color,	which	she	then	cut	and	styled	to	enhance	Anne’s	naturally	flowing	curls.

Gone	 forever	 was	 the	 straightened	 bleached	 blond.	 Or	 its	 unkempt	 opposite	 of dull	brown	strands.	After	that,	the	star	treatment	had	continued	with	a	manicure

and	 pedicure.	 She’d	 forgotten	 how	 nice	 it	 felt	 to	 be	 preened	 over.	 The transformation	 complete,	 Anne	 stood	 in	 her	 kitchen,	 and	 was	 inspected	 by	 her fashion	entourage.

“Whoa.	 You	 look	 amazing.”	 Kandi	 cheered.	 “Beautiful.”	 Eliza	 air-kissed

each	of	Anne’s	softly	blushing	cheeks.

While	Anne	had	been	changing,	Kandi	had	also	gone	home	and	changed	her

own	outfit.	Anne	glimpsed	Kandi	absently	pushed	something	red	down	into	her

pocket.

Kandi	smiled	at	Anne.	“Listen,	I	have	to	go	into	town	for	some	errands.	Is	it

okay	if	I	drop	you	off?	And	not	to	worry,	I’ll	be	back	in	a	jiff	in	case	you	want	to skip	out	early.	I	have	one	small	errand	I	have	to	do	before	they	close.	Then	I’ll be	right	back	with	you.	”

Anne	 gulped.	 Her	 stomach	 clenched.	 Reality	 came	 plunging	 back	 in.	 Now

she	 had	 to	 go	 meet	 a	 man.	 A	 man	 she	 didn’t	 want	 to	 meet.	 She	 knew	 that	 few men	were	like	Duke,	but	she	couldn’t	help	the	dread	that	enveloped	her.

“I	haven’t	been	out	on	a	date	in	a	very	long	time.	I’m	not	sure	I’m	ready	for

this.	Maybe	it	would	be	okay	to	cancel	for	today	and	reschedule?”	Anne	pleaded

with	Kandi.

“Don’t	worry.	It	will	be	fun.	In	fact,	I’ll	make	you	a	wager	that	by	the	end	of

the	 evening,	 you’ll	 be	 thanking	 me.	 So	 trust	 me,	 okay?”	 The	 young	 woman’s face	lit	with	delight.

“Okay.	 Yes,	 that	 would	 be	 nice.	 Thanks	 for	 everything.	 You’re	 so	 sweet.

Really.	Sorry	I’ve	been	such	a	pest	lately.”	They	went	out	and	got	into	Kandi’s

truck,	which	had	been	cleaned.

“No	 worries.	 Hope	 told	 me	 to	 give	 you	 some	 grace	 due	 to	 the	 menopause thing.”

Great.	I’m	old	again.

“Oh,	that	reminds	me.	Here.”	Kandi	handed	Anne	a	tiny	brown	bottle.	“This

is	from	Hope.”

Anne	 uncapped	 the	 bottle,	 and	 a	 lovely	 lavender	 fragrance	 wafted	 into	 the air.	She	breathed	in	deeply.	“Oh,	that’s	nice.”	She	put	a	few	drops	in	her	hands,

rubbed	 them	 together,	 and	 took	 another	 deep	 breath.	 Anne	 sighed	 with contentment.

“Feel	better?	Hope	said	this	would	help	with	any	jitters.”

“Yes.	I	do	feel	better.”	She	took	a	deep	breath	of	the	calming	scent.

I’m	a	grown	woman.	How	bad	can	this	be?





Chapter	Nine

The	short	drive	only	heightened	Anne’s	senses.	Though	she	tried	desperately	to

calm	her	nerves,	they	refused	to	listen	and	ignored	her	inner	pleadings.	If	Kandi hadn’t	been	driving,	she	would	have	turned	around	and	gone	home.

Kandi	pulled	into	the	parking	lot.	As	usual,	the	local	gathering	spot	looked	to

have	a	full	crowd	inside.	Anne	sat	in	the	truck	and	glanced	toward	the	door.	Had

it	always	looked	that	imposing?

This	is	it.	I	can	do	this. She	bolstered	her	confidence	and	opened	the	door.

After	 exiting	 the	 truck,	 Anne	 faced	 Kandi.	 The	 young	 woman	 had	 the

goofiest	grin	on	her	face.

“Thanks	 for	 bringing	 me,	 Kandi,	 and	 for	 all	 of	 your	 help	 today.	 I’m	 really thankful	for	all	you’ve	done.”	Anne	stumbled	as	she	took	a	step	away	from	the

truck.	 Kandi’s	 three-inch	 heels	 were	 far	 from	 her	 usual	 choice	 of	 comfortable flats.

“You’re	welcome.	You	look	terrific.	Now	go	knock	’em	dead.”	Kandi	waved

her	off.

Anne	gathered	her	courage	and	stepped	tentatively	toward	the	entrance	of	the

town’s	primary	meeting	hall.	The	large	nondescript	building	held	a	restaurant,	a

community	center,	and	in	the	back,	a	four-lane	bowling	alley.	The	building	also

held	a	craft	beer	pub	and	a	small	dance	hall/theater	space.	She	took	a	deep	breath and	pulled	the	heavy	wooden	door	open.

The	 pub’s	 interior	 was	 dark,	 so	 Anne	 allowed	 her	 eyes	 to	 adjust	 for	 a moment.	As	she	did,	she	noticed	movement	to	her	right.

A	gentleman	of	at	least	ninety	stood	up.	Actually,	he	pulled	himself	up	and

held	 on	 to	 the	 table.	 His	 scraggly	 gray	 beard	 covered	 much	 of	 what	 was	 an attempted	 smile,	 which	 was	 probably	 for	 the	 best	 since	 most	 of	 his	 teeth	 were missing.

He	wore	a	red	tie.

Seriously?	How	old	does	Kandi	think	I	am? She	smiled	back	at	the	man.

Her	shoulders	began	to	relax. Actually,	this	may	not	be	so	bad	after	all.	With all	 the	 medals	 he’s	 wearing	 on	 his	 jacket,	 I	 bet	 I	 can	 learn	 a	 bunch	 of	 history.

This	might	turn	out	to	be	a	nice	evening	after	all.

As	she	took	a	step	toward	the	older	gentleman,	another	man	stood.	He	was

more	her	age,	balding	on	top.	He	opened	his	jacket.	He	had	on	a	red	tie.

What	the—?

To	 her	 left,	 two	 women	 stood.	 They	 opened	 their	 blazers	 to	 reveal	 red	 ties.

Little	by	little,	more	people	across	the	pub	stood.	All	wore	red	ties.

Anne	felt	a	light	push	on	her	back,	propelling	her	into	the	midst	of	the	room.

She	turned	to	see	Kandi,	now	also	sporting	a	red	tie.

“Is	 this	 a	 practical	 joke?”	 Anne	 questioned	 Kandi.	 “Not	 a	 joke.”	 Kandi squeezed	her	arm.	“You’ll	see.”

She	 turned	 Anne	 to	 face	 the	 stage.	 The	 band—also	 wearing	 red	 ties—

produced	a	resounding	‘ dut-dutta-da’	 from	their	instruments.	Balloons	fell	onto the	 stage.	 A	 banner	 hanging	 from	 the	 ceiling	 unfurled.	 It	 read	 “Welcome	 to Carolan	Springs.”

A	 silver-haired	 man	 made	 his	 way	 toward	 her.	 He	 took	 Anne’s	 hands	 in	 a hearty	shake.	“We	want	to	officially	welcome	you	to	Carolan	Springs.	This”—he

gestured	around	the	room—“is	our	town’s	welcome	committee.”

The	 tension	 Anne	 had	 been	 holding	 back	 released,	 and	 she	 broke	 out	 in hearty	 laughter.	 She	 smiled	 at	 everyone.	 “Thank	 you.	 This	 is	 the	 most

memorable	welcome	I’ve	ever	received.”

The	 pub	 responded	 with	 cheers,	 clapping,	 and	 a	 hoisting	 of	 mugs,	 glasses, and	coffee	cups.

“Oh,	but	the	ceremony	is	not	over.”	Kandi	led	her	to	the	stage.

The	mayor	followed.	“First,	you	must	commit	to	this	union.”	He	moved	next

to	her.

“Um,	okay.”	Anne	glanced	out	at	the	group,	now	clustered	around	the	stage.

“Repeat	after	me.”

The	mayor	recited	a	pledge,	pausing	occasionally	to	give	Anne	time	to	repeat

his	words.	“I,	Anne	Freemont…	do	solemnly	swear	to	uphold	all	the	silly	rules

of	 my	 new	 town…and	 to	 carefully	 understand	 the	 importance	 of	 my	 role	 as citizen	ambassador	of	my	fair	city…forever	and	ever,	Scooby	dooby	doo.”

Anne	tried	to	repeat	it	with	a	straight	face	but	struggled	to	compose	herself

as	she	watched	the	audience	try	to	stifle	chuckles.

“The	chalice!”	yelled	the	mayor.

Someone	bounded	onto	the	stage	and	handed	her	a	strange	looking	cup.	The

goblet	was	crafted	from	aspen	wood	and	had	the	initials	C	and	S	carved	into	the side.	Anne	peered	into	it.	Nothing	strange.	It	looked	like	water.	She	took	a	sip.

Carbonated	spring	water.

She	chugged	the	rest	of	it	down	with	gusto.	After	she	finished,	she	held	the

cup	upside	down	while	everyone	cheered.	The	mayor	spoke.	“And	for	the	final

piece	of	the	initiation,	Kandi,	if	you	will	do	the	honors.”

Kandi	pulled	another	red	tie	from	her	pocket	and	placed	it	over	Anne’s	eyes.

Then	 Anne	 was	 led	 outside.	 “Lean	 on	 me.	 I	 need	 you	 to	 sit.	 It’s	 a	 scooter.”

Kandi’s	voice	was	calming.

Anne	sat	gingerly	down	onto	a	seat.	Her	arms	were	placed	around	someone.

“Hold	on	tight.”	A	male	voice	she	recognized.	She	grabbed	onto	the	jacket.

Wait,	 was	 that?	 Yes,	 the	 smell	 of	 popcorn. Warm	 hands	 enveloped	 hers	 as	 he made	sure	she	had	them	securely	wrapped	around	his	waist.	“Okay,	here	we	go.”

The	 scooter	 started	 up.	 Their	 pace	 was	 fairly	 slow	 and	 Anne	 relaxed.	 The distance	to	their	destination	was	short.	She	felt	them	stop.	Gentle	hands	helped

her	to	her	feet.

“Watch	your–oh	wait,	you	can’t	watch—just	step	lightly.	You’ll	feel	a	board.

It’s	 four	 steps	 and	 then	 a	 landing.”	 Sam	 held	 on	 to	 her	 arm	 and	 helped	 her	 to navigate.

A	set	of	wooden	steps	echoed	under	Anne’s	feet.

She	found	herself	standing	on	a	sturdy	surface.	Hands	removed	the	tie	from

her	eyes.	As	she	blinked,	she	looked	up	to	see	the	town’s	welcome	sign	now	lit

up	 against	 the	 night	 sky.	 The	 number	 showing	 the	 population	 of	 thirty-	 seven hundred	 now	 lacked	 the	 last	 zero.	 A	 young	 man	 appeared	 and	 handed	 her	 a paintbrush	with	instruction	to	paint	a	straight	line	on	the	end.

Thirty-seven	 hundred	 and	 one.	 She	 made	 the	 stroke	 on	 the	 board.	 Anne

fought	back	the	big	lump	in	her	throat	and	the	tears	that	sprung	to	her	eyes.	But for	 once,	 these	 were	 tears	 of	 joy.	 She	 had	 not	 just	 moved	 to	 another	 town,	 she had	 come	 home	 to	 a	 welcoming	 family.	 Never	 in	 her	 life	 had	 she	 felt	 so	 much care	and	affection	being	showered	upon	her.

“Anne	 Freemont,”	 the	 mayor	 bellowed,	 “you	 are	 now	 an	 official	 citizen	 of Carolan	Springs.”

Everyone	cheered.	She	smiled	back	at	the	crowd.	Anne	felt	a	squeeze	on	her

hand.	She	turned	to	see	Kandi.

“Forgive	me?”	Kandi	cocked	her	head	in	query.

She	pulled	the	young	woman	into	a	warm	embrace.	“Of	course!	Kandi,	that

was	probably	the	best	surprise	ever.	And	honestly,	much	better	than	a	blind	date.

And	you	were	right,	I	do	thank	you.”

“Listen,	I’d	love	to	stay,	but	I’ve	got	to	go	to	a	meeting	about	an	upcoming

homesteading	fair.	You	could	come	with	me.”	Kandi	waved	toward	a	group,	who motioned	at	her	to	hurry.

“Run	along.	I’ll	be	fine.”	Anne	waved	Kandi	off.

She	 looked	 back	 at	 the	 sign.	 When	 Anne	 had	 first	 considered	 moving	 to	 a new	 place,	 she’d	 known	 she	 wanted	 somewhere	 small.	 Someplace	 where,

hopefully,

many	 people	 wouldn’t	 know	 her.	 Finding	 Carolan	 Springs	 had	 felt	 like	 a sign.	 In	 this	 case,	 a	 real	 sign.	 She’d	 packed	 up	 her	 east	 coast	 life	 and	 headed west	to	the	Rockies.	She	had	found	her	home.	Anne	ran	her	hands	up	and	down

her	arms.

“Here.	 You	 must	 be	 chilled.”	 A	 warm	 jacket	 full	 of	 masculine	 scent	 came across	her	shoulders.

“Thank	you,	Sam.	It	is	a	bit	chilly.”

“You	 look	 really	 lovely	 tonight—if	 no	 one	 told	 you.”	 “Thank	 you.” Is	 he flirting	with	me?	Nah.	He’s	at	least	seven,	maybe,	ten	years	younger.

“Hate	 to	 see	 you	 go	 home	 after	 thinking	 you	 were	 going	 out	 for	 dinner.

Hungry?”

Anne’s	stomach	rumbled.

“I’ll	take	that	as	a	yes.	Listen,	we	can	stay	here,	or	I	know	a	great	place.	It’s	a bit	out	of	the	way	but	the	chef	is	pretty	good,	if	I	do	say	so	myself.”

She	faced	him.	“Why	not.”

“Great.	Let’s	take	this	scooter	back	to	Sally.	They	thought	it	would	be	more

fun	than	a	car.	Then	we	can	head	out.”	They	reached	the	pub	just	as	the	sheriff’s vehicle	pulled	up	next	to	them.

“Sheriff.	How’s	it	going?	You	missed	the	welcome	party.”

The	officer	exited	the	vehicle.	He	grunted.

Sam	waited	while	Anne	dismounted,	almost	falling	when	her	heel	caught	in

the	gravel.	She	grabbed	onto	the	back	to	steady	herself.

“You	been	drinking,	Ms.	Freemont?”	The	sheriff	gave	Anne	a	once-over.

“No.	My	heel	got	stuck.”

His	responding	look	said	he’d	heard	every	excuse	in	the	book.

“How’s	the	Roger’s	case	coming?”	Sam	removed	the	keys	from	the	scooter.

“I	don’t	talk	about	cases	in	front	of	witnesses	or	possible	suspects.”

Anne	 raised	 herself	 to	 her	 full	 high-heeled	 height,	 but	 she	 was	 still	 a	 good half	head	lower	than	the	sheriff.

“Are	you	saying	I’m	a	witness	or	that	you	consider	me	a	suspect?	Because	if

it’s	the	latter,	I	had	absolutely	no	reason	whatsoever	to	kill	that	man.”

“Aren’t	you	very	friendly	with	Kandi	Jenkins?”

“Well,	yes.	But	what	has	that	got	to	do	with	anything?”	She	placed	her	hands

on	 her	 hips	 and	 tried	 to	 remain	 steady	 while	 standing	 on	 tippy-toes.	 The	 shoes were	really	starting	to	pinch	and	hurt.	“You	need	to	quit	going	after	Kandi	and

get	serious	about	finding	the	real	killer.”

He	bristled	but	didn’t	reply.	She	stared	up	at	him.

He	stared	down	at	her.

He	broke	the	unspoken	stand-off.	“How’d	you	get	the	bruise	on	your	head,

Ms.	Freemont?”

She	 reached	 up	 and	 touched	 her	 temple.	 “I	 got	 it...”	 Dang.	 She	 stopped quickly.

“I	 believe	 you	 got	 the	 one	 on	 your	 head	 when	 you	 were	 trespassing	 on	 a crime	scene	after	the	murder.	Isn’t	that	correct?”	He	rested	his	hand	on	his	gun

holster.

“And	 that	 was	 after	 you	 had	 a	 nasty	 fall	 in	 his	 backyard	 a	 few	 days	 before the	victim	was	murdered.”	He	took	a	step	toward	her.

“You	think	I	killed	a	man	because	of	a	fall	I	took	into	his	compost	pile?”	She

wanted	to	retreat	but	feared	falling.

“People	are	strange,	Ms.	Freemont.	You’d	be	surprised	at	the	reasons	people

give	 to	 justify	 killing	 someone.	 Just	 last	 summer,	 old	 lady	 Pepper	 killed	 her husband,	supposedly	over	toilet	paper.	Seems	they’d	fought	for	fifty	years	over

which	way	it	should	go	on	the	roller.	She	said	she’d	had	enough.	The	next	time

he	 said,	 ‘Over,’	 she	 hit	 him	 over	 the	 head	 with	 an	 iron	 frying	 pan.	 So	 you	 see, murder	can	happen	to	the	best	of	us.”

He	was	kidding,	right?	“Oh,	you’re	just	pulling—”	“Just	what?	I’d	be	careful

if	I	were	you,	Ms.	Freemont.

You	best	remember	you’re	speaking	to	an	officer	of	the	law.”

“Come	 on,	 Carson.”	 With	 a	 hard	 stare	 from	 the	 sheriff,	 Sam	 stopped.	 “I mean,	Sheriff	Carson.	I’m	sure	Ms.	Freemont	wants	the	killer	caught	like	the	rest of	us	do.”

“That’s	right.	In	fact,	I	have	my	own	suspect	list.”

Shoot.	Why	did	I	say	that	out	loud?

“You	 do,	 do	 you?	 Are	 you	 a	 private	 detective,	 Ms.	 Freemont?”	 He	 stepped closer.

“No.	But…”	She	inched	back,	stopping	when	her	heel	twisted.

“That	is	the	correct	answer.	No,	you	are	not.	You	don’t	know	what	you	are

doing,	 and	 you	 need	 to	 stick	 to	 doing”—he	 appraised	 her—“whatever	 it	 is	 that you	do.	Leave	the	detective	work	to	the	professionals.”

Was	he	judging	her	by	the	heels	she	wore?	She	should	never	have	let	Kandi

convince	 her	 the	 dress	 needed	 heels	 instead	 of	 ballet	 flats.	 She	 bristled	 at	 his appraisal.	Well,	she’d	show	him	what	she	could	do.

“Fine!	 I’ll	 just	 figure	 out	 the	 suspect	 list	 on	 my	 own.”	 “Ms.	 Freemont,	 do you	 know	 that	 you	 can	 be	 arrested	 for	 interfering	 in	 a	 murder	 investigation?”

“I’m	not	interfering.”

“Good.	Let’s	keep	it	that	way.”	He	tipped	his	hat,	“Ms.	Freemont,	Sam.”	He

strode	toward	the	pub.

Anne	sighed	in	frustration. That	man	is	incorrigible.





Chapter	Ten

Sam	chuckled.	“Let’s	go	and	get	rid	of	that	 hangry	 Anne.”	“What?”

“You	 know	 when	 you	 get	 hungry	 and	 then	 you	 get	 angry?	 Come	 on.	 The

night’s	a-wasting.”	He	opened	the	truck	door	for	her.

Anne	slid	onto	the	brown	seat.	Like	the	man	driving	the	truck,	it	had	a	scent

all	its	own.	Besides	popcorn,	another	smell	permeated	the	interior.	She	couldn’t

place	it.	Animal,	maybe.	Anne	leaned	against	the	seat.	The	day’s	hectic	pace	had

finally	caught	up	with	her.	A	wave	of	fatigue	hit	as	she	stifled	a	yawn.	Covering her	 mouth	 with	 her	 hand,	 she	 glanced	 out	 the	 passenger	 window.	 They	 passed the	county	line.

“Um,	 is	 this	 place	 not	 in	 town?”	 She	 appraised	 Sam	 as	 he	 focused	 on	 the road.

“Oh,	 it’s	 at	 my	 house.	 Hope	 that’s	 okay.”	 Before	 she	 had	 a	 chance	 to respond,	Sam	hit	his	high	beams	and	down-shifted	his	truck.	The	lights	shone	on

a	small	white	mailbox,	the	only	indication	of	a	passage	between	the	trees.	They

began	 the	 rough	 jaunt	 down	 the	 potholed	 lane.	 “Sorry	 for	 the	 bumps.	 I’m planning	on	regrading	the	road,	but	I	can’t	get	to	it	until	next	weekend.”

Great.	He’s	taking	me	to	his	place.	What	if	he’s	Ralph’s	killer?	Or	a	rapist?

She	 surreptitiously	 glanced	 at	 her	 door.	 The	 handle	 still	 looked	 intact,	 so	 that was	good.	She	inched	closer	to	it.	What	did	she	have	in	her	purse	she	could	use

as	 defense?	 Lipstick	 and	 some	 breath	 mints	 didn’t	 seem	 to	 rank	 high	 on	 the protection	 list.	 She	 did	 have	 her	 phone.	 Luckily,	 she	 still	 held	 her	 purse.	 She silently	opened	it	and	searched	inside.

Just	 then	 his	 phone	 beeped.	 “Oops.	 Sorry.	 Just	 a	 second.”	 He	 answered through	his	vehicle	speakers.	“Dispatch.”

A	muted	woman’s	voice.

Sam	responded.	“Oh,	hi,	Miss	Faith.	How	are	you	doing?”	He	listened.

Anne	could	hear	what	sounded	like	a	jumble	of	words.	“Ralph…sleeping.	I like	snow.”

“Are	you	at	home?	Is	Hope	there?	Hello?	Hello?”	Only	silence.

Sam’s	face	tensed,	and	then	relaxed	when	Hope	came	on	the	line.

After	Hope	spoke,	Sam	replied,	“No	need	to	apologize.	Have	a	good	night,

Hope.”	He	ended	the	call.	“Sorry	about	that.	I’m	on	dispatch	for	the	night.	Okay, now	what	was	I	saying?”

This	 couldn’t	 be	 any	 worse.	 My	 possible	 killer	 is	 the	 one	 manning	 9-1-1

calls. Reality	calmed	her	suspicion. Geez.	What’s	wrong	with	you!	He’s	no	more a	killer	than	you’re	a	great	opera	singer.	This	thing	with	Ralph	has	you	looking at	 everyone	 as	 a	 murderer	 in	 the	 making. She	 thought	 back	 to	 Hope’s	 words.

Had	her	fragile	mind	mixed	up	his	death	and	sleeping?

“You	were	talking	about	the…”	Anne	motioned	to	the	road.

Sam	interrupted.	“Here	we	are.”

The	truck	emerged	from	the	dark	stand	of	trees	into	a	broad	clearing.	A	small

cabin	 appeared,	 lights	 glowing	 in	 the	 windows	 and	 on	 the	 porch.	 Stretching beyond	 the	 bungalow,	 a	 huge	 lake	 glimmered	 with	 moonlight.	 It	 looked	 like something	out	of	a	painting.

Anne	leaned	forward	and	took	in	the	view.	“Wow.

This	is	beautiful.”

“Yes.	I	love	it	here.”	He	pulled	the	keys	from	the	ignition	and	turned	to	face

her.	“Heads	up.	Before	you	get	out	of	the	truck,	be	careful	of	Hank.”

“Hank?”

Just	 then	 a	 golden	 retriever	 bounded	 off	 the	 porch.	 Sam	 opened	 his	 door.

They	 tussled	 with	 one	 another	 before	 he	 commanded	 the	 dog	 to	 sit	 and	 stay.

“Okay,	you	can	get	out	now.”

Anne	exited	her	side	and	went	around	to	where	the	dog	sat.	“Is	it	okay	if	I

pet	him?”

“Sure.	He	loves	people,	but	I	don’t	want	him	jumping	on	you.”	She	clumsily

bent	down	and	ruffled	the	dog’s	ears.	He	responded	with	a	wet	tongue	down	her

arm.

“Hank,	in,”	Sam	commanded.

Without	hesitation,	the	dog	ran	to	the	porch	and	disappeared	off	to	the	side.

Sam	 offered	 Anne	 his	 arm.	 “Wouldn’t	 want	 you	 falling	 in	 those	 things.”	 He glanced	at	her	shoes.

“They’re	Kandi’s,	and	truth	be	told,	I’m	ready	for	them	to	be	off	my	feet.”

He	escorted	her	around	the	back.	“I	rarely	use	the	front	door.”	He	kicked	a

chewed	tennis	ball	from	their	path.	The	rear	of	the	cabin	had	a	deck	built	up	over the	water.	The	back	door	stood	open,	and	the	golden	retriever	now	sprawled	onto

a	rolled	rag	rug,	a	dog	toy	in	his	mouth.

“Did	you	leave	the	door	open?”	Anne	gawked.

“Don’t	 look	 so	 surprised.	 I	 knew	 I’d	 be	 gone	 for	 a	 bit.	 Wanted	 Hank	 to	 be able	 to	 get	 outside	 if	 nature	 called.	 We’re	 a	 small	 town.	 Not	 many	 people	 lock their	doors.	We	have	little	to	no	crime,	so	many	just	see	it	as	a	senseless	hassle.”

He	stood	back	to	allow	her	to	enter.	“Plus,	an	open	door	isn’t	that	much	different than	a	closed	one.	If	someone	really	wants	to	get	in,	they’ll	find	a	way.”

Anne	 shivered,	 knowing	 what	 he	 said	 was	 true.	 Still,	 having	 locked	 doors gave	her	peace	of	mind.

“Don’t	 worry.	 Hank	 wouldn’t	 be	 so	 friendly	 without	 me	 here.”	 He	 nodded toward	the	dog.	“Right,	boy?”	The	dog	dropped	the	toy	and	wagged	his	tail.

Anne	 entered	 to	 find	 a	 bright	 kitchen,	 dining	 room,	 and	 living	 room

combination.	Two	doors	opened	off	to	the	side.	At	the	far	end	of	the	room,	a	set

of	 stairs	 headed	 up	 to	 a	 second	 floor.	 Another	 set	 of	 stairs	 mirroring	 the	 upper ones	looked	like	they	led	down	to	a	basement	level.

“This	is	nice.	Very	cozy.”

“It’s	 good	 for	 me	 and	 him.	 Huh,	 boy?”	 The	 golden	 raised	 his	 head	 and wagged	his	tail	at	Sam.	“Got	any	pets?”

“No.	No	pets.”	Anne	shrugged	out	of	the	jacket	Sam	had	let	her	borrow.

“Well,	 you	 should	 remedy	 that.”	 He	 set	 down	 a	 bowl	 of	 dog	 food	 Hank

ignored.

Anne	looked	around.	“Do	you	want	help	with	anything?”

“Naw.	That’s	okay.	Wouldn’t	want	you	to	get	something	on	that	dress.	You

just	sit	back	and	let	me	wait	on	you.”	He	pulled	out	a	jug	from	the	refrigerator

and	held	it	up.	“I’ve	been	hooked	on	hot	cider	lately.	Want	some?”

“Sounds	good.	Thank	you.”	She	perched	on	the	edge	of	a	chair	and	slid	the

high	heels	off	her	feet.	Wiggling	her	toes,	she	realized,	if	nothing	else,	she	could use	 the	 shoes	 Kandi	 let	 her	 borrow	 to	 protect	 herself.	 No	 wonder	 they	 called them	 killer	 shoes	 with	 those	 spikes	 on	 the	 end. You’ve	 got	 to	 rein	 in	 your	 wild imagination	before	it	gets	you	in	trouble.	And	no	more	true	crime	documentaries or	detective	shows.

Sliding	 into	 the	 chair,	 she	 pulled	 her	 legs	 up	 under	 her.	 Sam	 poured	 the golden	liquid	into	a	pot	on	the	stove	to	simmer.	The	smell	of	apple	and	cinnamon

filled	the	air.	She	sighed	with	contentment.	“I’m	going	to	go	get	out	of	my	work

clothes.	 I’ll	 be	 back	 in	 a	 jiff.”	 He	 pointed	 to	 one	 of	 the	 doors.	 “There’s	 a bathroom	if	you	want	to	wash	your	hands.”	Sam	sprinted	over	to	the	stairs	and

took	 them	 two	 at	 a	 time.	 His	 trim	 frame	 coupled	 with	 his	 energy	 and	 strength showed	he	clearly	kept	himself	in	top	physical	shape.

Anne	took	advantage	of	the	time.	In	the	bathroom,	she	washed	her	hands	and

then	applied	some	more	lip	gloss.	While	she	waited	for	him	to	return,	she	rested her	head	on	the	back	of	the	chair. Sam’s	a	nice	guy	and	certainly	no	killer. She closed	 her	 eyes.	 The	 town’s	 welcome	 had	 been	 so	 thoughtful.	 A	 home-cooked meal	would	be	a	great	way	to	end	the	evening.

“Tired?”	 He’d	 returned	 without	 her	 hearing.	 He	 moved	 to	 the	 kitchen	 and poured	 the	 warm	 cider	 into	 a	 cup.	 She	 joined	 him	 at	 the	 island	 dividing	 the rooms	and	perched	on	a	barstool.

He	handed	the	cider	to	her.	“Here’s	to	new	friendships.”	He	held	up	his	mug.

She	responded	in	kind.	“I	better	get	you	fed,	so	I	can	get	you	home.	You’ll	need

your	 sleep.	 I’ve	 got	 a	 feeling	 Kandi	 will	 be	 contacting	 you	 tomorrow	 about helping	out	at	her	fair.”	“Her	fair?”	Anne	took	a	sip.	“Wow.	This	is	really	good

cider.”

“Thanks.	I	made	it.”	He	poured	some	into	a	dark	blue	mug	he	pulled	from	an

open	shelf.

“You	made	it?”

“Yep.	 With	 my	 line	 of	 work,	 you	 spend	 a	 whole	 lot	 of	 time	 sitting	 around.

We’ve	 got	 so	 many	 apples	 around	 these	 parts	 that	 I	 decided	 to	 make	 it	 from scratch.	I	call	it	‘Veronica’s	Cider’	in	honor	of	my	mom.”

“That’s	so	sweet.	I	bet	your	mom	loves	it.”	She	took	another	sip.

“I	think	she	would	have.”	He	opened	the	refrigerator	and	pulled	out	a	closed

container.	“She	died	before	she	got	to	test	it.”

“Oh,	I’m	so	very	sorry.”

“It’s	sad.	But	it	brought	me	home.	I	never	thought	I’d	return.	But,	I	belong

here.”	He	pulled	food	from	the	refrigerator.

“Really,	please	let	me	help.”	Anne	moved	off	the	stool.	“Okay,	hold	on.”	He

went	upstairs	and	returned	with	a	pair	of	wool	socks	and	one	of	his	flannel	shirts.

“Sorry,	I	don’t	have	an	apron.	But	this	should	protect	your	dress	and	keep	your

feet	and	legs	warm”

As	 Anne	 put	 on	 the	 clothing,	 Sam	 filled	 the	 sink	 with	 water	 and	 stuck	 the corn	in	it,	shuck	and	all.	Anne	returned	and	raised	her	mug.	“Here’s	to	finding

Ralph’s	killer.”

“Not	 great	 dinner	 conversation.”	 He	 handed	 her	 some	 washed	 spinach,	 red onion,	 and	 feta	 for	 making	 the	 salad.	 “Here’s	 a	 bowl.	 The	 knives	 are	 in	 that drawer	 and	 the	 cutting	 board	 is	 over	 there.”	 As	 Anne	 gathered	 her	 tools,	 Sam drew	out	a	filleted	trout	from	a	refrigerated	container.

“I’m	 just	 worried	 about	 Kandi.	 I	 can’t	 see	 her	 hurting	 anyone,	 much	 less killing	someone.”	She	put	the	spinach	in	the	bowl	and	started	slicing	the	onion.

“Oops.	Better	get	this	going.	Got	sidetracked.”	With	a	quick	flip,	the	entire

glass	 wall	 fell	 back	 on	 itself	 in	 accordion	 fashion	 and	 the	 deck	 became	 an

extension	of	the	living	space.

“Oh,	that’s	wonderful.”	Anne	clapped	her	hands.	“Cost	me	a	hunk	of	money,

but	it	was	on	my	top	ten	list	when	I	built	here.	I	enjoy	the	cooler	temps	but	if	it gets	too	cold,	let	me	know	and	we’ll	go	back	inside.	Usually	the	fireplace	does	a great	job	of	keeping	things	toasty.”

Outdoors,	he	started	up	the	fireplace	and	added	a	couple	logs.	Next	to	it,	he

turned	 on	 the	 gas	 grill.	 Before	 long,	 Anne’s	 mouth	 watered	 as	 cooking	 odors wafted	 on	 the	 air.	 As	 they	 waited	 on	 the	 food,	 Sam	 rolled	 the	 dining	 table outdoors	 in	 front	 of	 the	 fireplace.	 Working	 in	 unison,	 they	 placed	 the	 cooked food	on	the	table.	He	handed	her	a	dish	of	melted	butter,	lemon,	and	dill.	Anne

drizzled	some	on	her	fish,	which	practically	melted	in	her	mouth.	“Ummmmm.

This	is	delicious.”

“Caught	it	today.	From	out	there.”	He	motioned	toward	the	lake.

He	paused.	“Listen,	I’m	not	trying	to	dissuade	you	about	Kandi.	But	no	one

knows	 how	 they	 will	 react	 when	 certain	 situations	 come	 up.	 Whoever	 killed Ralph	 meant	 it.	 That	 axe	 went	 straight	 to	 his	 vital	 organs.	 Kandi	 is	 the	 right height	 which	 lines	 up	 with	 the	 wound.	 Her	 prints	 are	 on	 the	 axe.	 The	 DNA	 is there.	All	the	evidence	points	to	her.”

“Okay,	I’ll	give	you	that.	But	would	you	hide	the	axe	in	your	own	yard	if	you

were	the	killer?”

“Well.	 Let’s	 think	 about	 that.”	 He	 wiped	 butter	 from	 his	 chin	 with	 a

checkered	cloth	napkin.	“There’s	two	ways	to	look	at	the	situation.	One,	I’m	the

killer	and	I	goofed	big	time	in	trying	to	get	rid	of	the	murder	weapon.	Two,	I	put the	weapon	there	in	order	to	make	the	police	think	it	was	planted,	hoping	to	take suspicion	off	me.”

“I	guess	that	makes	sense.	But	someone	else	could	have	planted	the	weapon

there.	Right?”	Anne	used	her	knife	to	scoop	some	corn	onto	her	fork.

“Of	course.	The	problem	is	that	there	were	only	two	sets	of	fingerprints	on

the	weapon.	Ralph’s	and	Kandi’s.”

“But	 that’s	 because	 Kandi	 grabbed	 the	 axe	 when	 Ralph	 said	 he’d	 kill	 her chicken.”

Sam	arched	his	eyebrows.	“Ralph	threatened	to	kill	her	chicken?	Maybe	she

killed	Ralph?”

“But	he	didn’t.	He	just	told	her	to	keep	the	chickens	out	of	his	garden.	She’d

have	to	have	a	better	motive	than	that.”

“I’d	 rather	 not	 speculate.	 Or	 talk	 about	 it	 without	 any	 facts.”	 He	 buttered some	bread	and	took	a	bite.

“Look,	I’m	just	saying,	I	think	there	are	others	with	more	of	a	motive	to	kill

Ralph.”

He	 held	 up	 his	 hand	 as	 he	 swallowed.	 “Like	 who?	 You	 don’t	 know	 all	 that many	people	here	in	town	yet.	Plus,	as	I’ve	already	said,	all	the	evidence	points to	Kandi.	Also,	this	isn’t	the	first	time	these	two	have	clashed.”	He	motioned	to the	basket.	“More	bread?”

Anne	shook	her	head.	“While	that	may	be	true,	there	are	others	who	stand	to

gain.	What	about	Stewart?”

“Ralph’s	nephew?”	Sam	shook	his	head.	“I’ve	known	Stewart	forever.	He’s	a

good	guy.”

“Okay.	But	I	saw	Stewart	storm	off	from	Ralph’s	not	too	long	before	he	was

killed.	 Maybe	 his	 uncle	 wouldn’t	 help	 with	 more	 money	 for	 his	 business.	 He stands	 to	 inherit	 part	 of	 Ralph’s	 property	 which	 is	 double	 the	 size	 of	 my	 lot	 or Kandi’s.”

“Hmmm.	Interesting.	But	that’s	still	another	motive	for	Kandi.”	The	golden

joined	 the	 pair,	 looking	 up	 at	 Sam.	 “Down,	 Hank.”	 The	 dog	 circled	 before flopping	down	next	to	the	chair.

“What	do	you	mean?”	Anne	set	her	fork	down.

“For	a	long	time,	Kandi	has	wanted	to	create	an	agritourism	industry	here.	If

she	had	Ralph’s	place,	it’d	be	another	step	toward	making	it	come	true.	In	a	town this	 size,	 it’s	 not	 often	 property	 comes	 up	 for	 sale.	 Yours	 was	 one	 of	 the exceptions.”

“Going	with	your	premise,	then	why	didn’t	she	just	buy	my	house?”

“You	know	yourself	it	needs	a	lot	of	work.”

“Tell	 me	 about	 it.	 The	 entire	 upper	 story	 probably	 has	 to	 be	 gutted.	 As	 of right	now,	I’m	living	in	the	kitchen	and	maid’s	quarters.	But	I	also	got	the	place for	a	song.	So	Kandi	could	have	bought	it	and	fixed	it	up	just	like	I’m	doing.	It should	triple	in	value	once	repairs	and	updates	are	complete.”

“True.	 However,	 why	 not	 buy	 a	 place	 that’s	 ready	 to	 go?	 Plus,	 no	 dealing with	your	husband	harping	about	the	bad	deal	you	made.”

“Sounds	 like	 you’re	 not	 a	 Jeff	 fan	 either,”	 Anne	 replied.	 “Jeff	 grew	 up alongside	all	of	us,	but	he	couldn’t	wait	to	leave	and	hit	the	big	city.	He	works with	 some	 kind	 of	 financial	 organization	 but	 ended	 up	 getting	 fired.	 Not	 long after	he	got	back	he	started	seeing	Kandi.	Her	grandfather	made	no	bones	about

his	 dislike	 for	 Jeff.	 Then	 once	 Kandi’s	 mom	 showed	 up,	 and	 the	 whole

inheritance	thing,	he	never	left.	Everyone	knows	he	married	Kandi	for	a	chance

to	get	his	hands	on	her	mother’s	money,	but	you	can’t	tell	her	that.	She	defends

Jeff	no	matter	what.	He’s	all	about	the	money.	The	more,	the	better.”	He	sighed.

“You	don’t	suppose	Jeff	killed	Ralph,	and	Kandi’s	covering	for	him?”

He	sat	back	in	his	chair.	“That’s	an	intriguing	thought.

But	I	can’t	see	Kandi	doing	anything	like	that.”	He	leaned	in.	“There’s	been

some	rumors	he	has	a	girlfriend	up	in	Denver.	I	really	feel	sorry	for	Kandi.	She is	the	true	epitome	of	the	saying	that	love	is	blind.

“Hold	on.”	Sam	returned	with	two	ramekins.	“Egg	custard.”

“Yum.”	Anne	slid	the	spoon	into	the	rich	dessert.	“Oh,	wow.	You	really	are	a

wonderful	cook.	You’ll	make	some	lady	a	great	husband	one	day.”

“We’ll	see.”

A	thought	occurred	to	Anne.	“What	about	Hope?”	“What	about	her?”

“Well,	you’re	both	interested	in	medicine,	and	you’re	about	the	same	age,	I

would	think.	How	old	are	you	anyway?”

“Does	that	matter?”	His	voice	came	across	rough.

The	question	took	her	aback.	“No.	I	was	just	saying	you’re	close	to	the	same

age,	that’s	all.”	She	took	a	bite	of	the	custard.

“Don’t	get	me	wrong.	Hope’s	a	great	lady.	But	she’s	not	the	one	for	me.”

“Okay.	Sorry	I	brought	it	up.”

He	 stared	 off	 toward	 the	 lake.	 Something	 hit	 Anne	 on	 the	 nose.	 Soft	 and light.	 Another	 hit.	 Then	 another.	 She	 looked	 up.	 “It’s	 snowing!”	 she	 yelled gleefully.	Snowflakes	tickled	her	face.	Hank	ran	to	her	side,	dancing.

“Looks	like	we’re	getting	our	first	snowfall	early	this	year.”

“Does	that	happen	often?”	She	tipped	her	head	to	the	sky.

“It’s	Colorado.	When	it	comes	to	the	weather,

anything	can	happen.	That’s	what	I	love	about	it.”	He	moved	his	chair	back.

“Let’s	get	this	stuff	inside,	and	then	I’ll	take	you	home.”

They	 cleared	 away	 the	 detritus	 of	 their	 meal.	 “That	 was	 delicious.	 I	 can’t remember	 the	 last	 time	 I	 had	 such	 a	 wonderful	 meal.	 And	 such	 a	 delightful dinner	companion	too.”

“Thanks	 for	 the	 compliments.	 I	 don’t	 think	 we	 were	 expecting	 any	 major accumulation	so	this	will	probably	quit	soon	but	just	in	case	probably	best	to	get you	home.”	Anne	reluctantly	put	the	high	heels	back	on	her	feet.

In	 the	 meantime,	 Sam	 shut	 off	 the	 fireplace,	 moved	 the	 table	 inside,	 and closed	the	window	wall.

“Here.”	He	held	out	the	jacket	she’d	worn	earlier.	He	grabbed	another	from	a

closet.

“Bye,	Hank.	Keep	the	home	fires	burning.”	The	retriever	raised	his	head	and

grinned.

“Did	he	just	smile?”	Anne	patted	the	dog’s	head.	“Goldens	always	look	like

that.”	Sam	patted	the	dog’s	head.	“Isn’t	that	right,	bud?”

They	crossed	over	the	deck	toward	the	front	porch.	Already	the	ground	out

to	 the	 truck	 looked	 wet.	 “Hold	 on.”	 Sam	 moved	 toward	 a	 shed.	 He	 returned lugging	 a	 large	 cut	 sheet	 of	 plywood.	 He	 laid	 it	 out	 next	 to	 the	 bottom	 step.

Motioning	at	her	to	wait,	he	maneuvered	the	truck	so	the	plywood	covered	the wet	ground.	He	came	around	the	truck	and	opened	the	passenger	door.	“At	your

service.”	He	bowed.

Anne	stepped	onto	the	wood	and	entered	the	truck.	“Thanks.”

“Don’t	want	you	mad	at	me	for	ruining	your—

Kandi’s—shoes.”	He	moved	to	the	driver’s	side,	and	they	began	the	bumpy

ride	to	the	main	road.

Anne	 took	 one	 last	 backward	 glance	 at	 the	 cabin.	 “You	 really	 have	 a	 nice place	here.”

“You	should	see	it	when	the	sun	sets	over	the	water.”	He	turned	and	smiled

at	her.

She	smiled	back. What’s	a	little	harmless	flirting?	The	man	is	handsome,	a

great	cook,	a	good	conversationalist,	and	very	charming.	He’s	the	one	who	can help	me	find	Ralph’s	killer.

They	had	reached	the	main	intersection.	He	looked	both	ways	and	pulled	out.

“I’ll	have	to	come	back	to	see	that	sunset	some	day.”	Up	ahead,	something

caught	 her	 attention.	 She	 pointed	 at	 something	 on	 her	 side	 of	 the	 road.	 “Look!

What’s	that?”

Sam	 down-shifted.	 He	 turned	 on	 the	 high	 beams	 and	 leaned	 forward,

straining	 to	 see	 through	 the	 darkness	 and	 falling	 snow.	 In	 an	 instant,	 he	 pulled off	to	the	shoulder	and	shoved	the	gear	into	park.	“Wait	here!”	He	shot	out	of	the door	and	sprinted	in	front	of	the	truck.

Anne	 tentatively	 opened	 her	 door.	 Then	 looking	 at	 the	 wet,	 snowy	 ground, she	decided	to	stay	put.	She	craned	her	body	out	as	far	as	she	could.

A	car	had	run	off	the	road	and	now	rested	half	in	and	half	out	of	a	shallow

bar	 ditch.	 The	 car’s	 red	 taillights	 were	 what	 she’d	 seen.	 Steam	 rose	 from	 the engine,	 twirling	 in	 a	 strange	 dance	 with	 the	 snowflakes	 that	 now	 fell	 heavily from	 the	 sky.	 She	 squinted.	 It	 looked	 like	 a	 person	 slumped	 over	 the	 steering wheel.

“No!”	It	had	finally	registered	what	she	was	seeing.

Anne	knew	whose	car	it	was.

Eliza’s.





Chapter	Eleven

After	the	ambulance	had	left	with	Eliza,	Sam	took	Anne	home.

Had	Eliza	missed	the	turn?	Had	someone	run	her	off	the	road?	If	they	had,

did	it	have	to	do	with	Ralph’s	murder?	Did	Eliza	know	something	that	someone

didn’t	want	her	to	remember?

The	 adrenaline	 rush	 subsided,	 and	 exhaustion	 found	 her.	 Her	 eyelids

drooped.	 Better	 to	 go	 to	 sleep	 and	 think	 about	 everything	 tomorrow.	 Nothing could	be	done	tonight.	Yet,	Anne	slept	fitfully.

Her	dreams	were	a	mash-up	of	so	many	things.	Kandi	grabbing	the	axe	from

Ralph.

A	 shady	 figure	 running	 across	 Ralph’s	 property.	 Eliza’s	 car	 covered	 in

designer	gloves.

Falling	into	the	compost	pile.	Being	walked	on	by	a	chicken.

Something	scratchy	licking	her	face.

This	isn’t	part	of	the	dream.	Something	is	really	licking	my	face.

Her	 raised	 hand	 met	 with	 something	 furry.	 Anne	 shot	 up	 in	 bed	 as	 a	 black ball	 of	 fur	 tumbled	 to	 her	 lap.	 A	 tiny	 kitten	 gazed	 up	 at	 her	 and	 mewed	 softly.

The	 kitten	 circled	 around	 a	 couple	 of	 times	 before	 curling	 into	 a	 tight	 ball.

Purring	commenced.

A	giggle.	Kandi	stood	at	the	door.

Don’t	these	people	ever	knock	around	here?

“Surprise!”	Kandi	chirped	in	an	annoying	morning-	person	voice.

Groaning,	Anne	fell	back	on	the	bed	and	pulled	the	quilt	over	her	head.

Maybe,	just	maybe,	she’ll	go	away. She	felt	body	weight	settle	next	to	her.

“Yum.	 This	 coffee	 is	 so,	 so	 good.	 Guess	 I’ll	 just	 have	 to, like,	 drink	 it myself.”

Anne	mumbled	through	the	covers,	“Over	my	dead	body.”

“That	can	be	arranged.	You	know, like,	 I’m	 a	 scary	 axe	 murderer	 who	 kills people	for	fun.”

Anne	sat	up,	pushed	the	covers	down,	and	accepted	the	steaming	mug.	Kandi

had	 made	 it	 just	 the	 way	 she	 liked	 it	 with	 a	 hint	 of	 cream	 and	 a	 touch	 of sweetness.	Gone	were	the	days	of	having	to	endure	black	coffee	so	as	not	to	put

on	 an	 ounce	 of	 weight.	 She	 fluffed	 her	 pillows	 and	 sat	 back	 against	 the headboard.	 “So	 to	 what	 do	 I	 owe	 this	 early	 morning	 honor?”	 She	 took	 another satisfying	swallow.	“And	what’s	with	the	kitten?”

“Sam	told	me	what	happened	last	night	with	Eliza.	He	didn’t	have	your	cell

phone	number.	He	wanted	me	to	check	up	on	you.”

“That’s	nice,	but	I’m	fine.	Just	a	bit	of	a	shock.	First	Ralph	and	now	Eliza’s

accident.	I	came	here	to	get	away	from	the	big	city	and	bad	things.”	She	looked

down	at	the	purring	kitten.	“Still,	what	about	this	little	thing?”

“My	tabby	had	a	run-in	with	a	friendly	tom	a	while	back.	He	got	in,	or	she

got	 out.”	 Kandi	 stuck	 her	 hair	 behind	 an	 ear.	 “Anyway,	 now	 I’ve	 got	 these kittens	needing	a	good	home,	and	you	need	a	mouser.”

“A	mouser?”	Anne	frowned,	distracted	by	the	almost	empty	cup.

Without	a	word,	Kandi	took	the	cup	and	set	off	for	the	kitchen.	Anne	picked

up	 the	 sleeping	 kitten	 and	 held	 it	 next	 to	 her	 ear.	 The	 purring	 increased	 as	 she stroked	the	black	fur.

Kandi	returned.	Anne	set	the	kitten	down	and	took	the	cup.	“You	really	are

sweet.	Strange	but	sweet.”	She	smiled	at	the	girl.

“Ha.	 Ha.	 Where	 was	 I?	 Oh	 yeah, like	 …”	 She	 caught	 herself.	 “Winter	 is coming	soon.”

“Winter.	That	explains	it.”	Anne	savored	the	warmth	of	the	cup	she	held.

“Good.	Glad	you	know,	then.”	Kandi	sat	down	at	the	end	of	the	bed.

“Um,	no.	I	have	no	idea	what	you	are	talking	about.	I	was	being	facetious.”

“You	were, like,	being…wait…that	sounds	familiar.”	“Never	mind.	Why	do	I

need	a	mouser?	Ohhh…”

She	glanced	around	the	room.

“Finally!	The	light	bulb	comes	on	at	last.”	Kandi	plopped	down	on	the	bed.

“Look,	I	just	woke	up	but	I	don’t	want	a	cat.	If	I	see	a	mouse,	I’ll	simply	put

out	a	trap.”

“Listen,	you’re	not	living	upstairs.	There	are	lots	of	holes,	and	even	though

it’s	not	being	heated	much,	it’s	warmer	than	outside.	They	come	in,	make	their

nests	 and, like,	 soon	 you’ve	 got	 a	 huge	 mouse	 village.	 Before	 you	 know	 it, they’re	singing	YMCA.”

Anne	 struggled	 to	 not	 spit	 her	 coffee	 all	 over	 her	 bed	 as	 images	 of	 Village Mice	in	various	costume	danced	through	her	head.

“A	 cat	 will	 make	 sure	 that	 doesn’t	 happen.	 Those	 mice	 know	 there	 is	 no room	at	this	inn.”	Kandi	smiled.	“Plus,	you, like,	need	a	companion.	You’re	all alone	in	this	big	old	house.”

“Thanks	 for	 reminding	 me.”	 Anne	 certainly	 liked	 the	 solitude	 and	 running her	own	life,	but	with	a	murderer	on	the	loose,	it	had	made	the	old	house	a	tad

less	inviting.

“You’re	welcome.”	Kandi	smoothed	down	the	bedcover	with	her	hand.

This	girl	is	really	naïve. Anne	watched	the	young	woman. No,	she	just	thinks the	best	of	everyone	and	everything.	Kandi	is	fresh	air	to	my	stale,	cynical	spirit.

“Oh,	wait.	You’re	being, like,	what	was	it	again?	Facetious!”	Kandi	laughed.

“I’m	already	learning	so	much	from	you.”	She	hopped	off	the	bed.	“Well,	got	to

go.”

“Wait!”	 Anne	 yelled	 in	 vain	 as	 the	 back	 door	 slammed.	 “I	 don’t	 want	 any kitten!”

The	tiny	creature	looked	up	at	her	and	meowed	pitifully.	She	raised	the	kitten

so	they	were	eye	to	eye.	“Okay,	fine.	But	this	is	just	a	trial.	You	hear	me?	You

don’t	catch	any	mice	and	you’re	out	of	here.”	Anne	placed	the	black	ball	of	fluff in	 her	 lap.	 She’d	 almost	 fallen	 back	 to	 sleep	 when	 the	 back	 door	 banged	 open again	and	Kandi	reappeared.	“Oh,	I	forgot.	Meeting	at	my	house	at	ten	to	discuss

the	homesteading	fair	and	who’s	going	to	do	what.	See	you	there.”

“Can’t	make	it.”	Anne	yawned.

“What	 do	 you	 mean	 you	 can’t	 make	 it?	 I	 need	 everyone	 to	 help.”	 Kandi planted	 her	 fists	 on	 her	 hips.	 “You	 can’t	 help?	 Oh,	 okay.	 Sorry.	 Didn’t	 realize, like,	your	schedule	was	so	full.”	She	stood	there,	waiting.

“Fine.	Fine.	I’ll	be	there.	I’m	just	not	sure	how	much	I	can	help.	I’m	trying	to

get	 things	 ready	 for	 the	 winter.	 Next	 week,	 I’m	 interviewing	 carpenters	 and repairmen.”	“Great.	See	you	then.	I	left	a	bit	of	kibble	and	a	package	of	chicken livers	in	the	fridge	for	the	kitten.”

The	young	woman	moved	to	the	door.

“Kandi,	hold	on!”	Anne	placed	the	kitten	on	the	bed	and	swung	her	legs	over

the	side.	“How	did	you	get	in	my	house?”

“Oh,	 simple.	 I	 just, like,	 used	 the	 key	 on	 top	 of	 the	 door	 frame.	 Everyone does	 that	 here	 in	 case	 someone	 forgets	 and	 locks	 their	 door.	 Did	 you	 forget?”

Kandi	cocked	her	head.

“No.	I	didn’t	 forget.	I	lock	 my	doors.	You	 know	there	 is	 a	 murderer	 on	 the loose!”

Kandi	frowned.	“Oh	gosh.	I	forgot	about	that.”	Her	forehead	crinkled.	Then

a	 smile	 played	 across	 her	 lips.	 “But	 since	 I’m	 supposed	 to	 be	 the	 murderer,	 I guess	 I’m, like,	 okay.	 They	 wouldn’t	 want	 to	 murder	 me	 because	 then	 people



would	know	they’re, like,	the	murderer.	So	I’m	safe!”	She	brushed	her	hair	from her	face	and	pulled	an	elastic	band	off	her	wrist.	With	a	quick,	familiar	action, she	pulled	her	hair	into	a	high	ponytail.	“See	you	at	ten!”

As	 Kandi	 bounded	 out	 of	 the	 room,	 Anne	 shook	 her	 head.	 “Yep,	 one	 brick short.”

By	the	time	Anne	arrived	at	Kandi’s,	a	line	of	cars	had	formed	in	front	of	the

house.	Inside,	a	cluster	of	men	and	women	were	either	piling	food	on	plates	or

pouring	coffee	into	various	mugs	set	on	the	counter.	Jeff	made	his	way	halfway

down	 the	 back	 kitchen	 staircase,	 shook	 his	 head,	 turned,	 and	 hurried	 back upstairs.

Chairs	 were	 set	 up	 in	 a	 semicircle.	 People	 sat	 with	 plates	 perched

precariously	on	their	laps.	A	whiteboard	stood	next	to	the	fireplace.	The	group	of people	 hushed	 as	 Kandi	 entered	 and	 strode	 across	 the	 room.	 Grabbing	 Anne’s hand,	she	led	her	in	front	of	the	group.

“Everyone,	this	is	Anne.	She	bought	the	old	place	across	the	cul-de-sac.”	She

motioned	in	the	direction	of	Anne’s	house.	She	was, like,	with	me	when	I	found Ralph.”	Kandi	shivered	and	Anne	instinctively	placed	a	hand	on	her	arm.	Kandi

beamed	up	at	Anne.

A	couple	whispered	to	each	other.

“Are	 we	 going	 to	 get	 started?”	 an	 elderly	 man	 with	 salt-and-pepper	 hair growled	at	the	group.	“I	got	work	to	do.”

Next	to	him,	a	petite	woman	patted	his	hand.	“Now,

Stanley,	you	know	we	set	aside	time	for	this.	Those	boys	out	working	will	do

just	fine.”

He	harrumphed	and	grabbed	his	Carhartt	jacket	as	it	slid	toward	the	floor.

Kandi	smiled	at	the	group.	“Thank	you	all	for	coming.	As	many	of	you	know

I’m, like,	so	excited	to	be	this	year’s	chair	of	our	annual	homesteading	fair.	I—”

An	older	woman	with	hair	dyed	bright	orange	interrupted	Kandi.	“I	think	we

need	to	cancel	this	event.” What’s	up	with	older	women	and	the	stock	Halloween hair	 colors?	 Oh	 patron	 saint	 of	 old	 ladies,	 please	 don’t	 let	 me	 pick	 orange, black,	 or	 even	 blue	 hair	 color	 when	 I	 get	 older. The	 orange-haired	 lady continued.	 “I’m	 just	 going	 to	 say	 it	 again.	 I	 don’t	 know	 why	 we	 need	 any homesteading	fair.	We	got	the	county	fair	every	year	over	in	Larimer	County.”

“Ms.	Alice,	you	know	that	is	an	hour	and	a	half	away	from	Carolan	Springs.”

Kandi	 turned	 to	 the	 woman.	 “This	 is	 to	 create	 an	 avenue	 to	 showcase	 our growing	agritourism	efforts.	It	brings	tourists.”

“I	 don’t	 want	 no	 dad-burn	 tourists	 coming	 here,”	 Stanley	 interjected.	 “We got	enough	of	them	city	folk	moving	here	already.”	He	stared	pointedly	at	Anne.

Kandi	 sighed.	 “Now,	 Mr.	 Culpepper,	 you	 need	 to	 sell	 all	 those	 great	 apples from	your	orchard.”

Anne	could	almost	see	the	wheels	turning	in	Mr.

Culpepper’s	mind	about	possible	profits	to	be	gained.	“And	Ms.	Alice,	like,

everyone	 knows	 you	 make	 the	 most	 beautiful	 winning	 quilts	 in	 the	 county.”

Alice	beamed	and	sat	up	straighter.

One	 of	 the	 younger	 individuals	 in	 the	 group	 spoke	 up.	 She	 was	 half	 of	 a couple	 that	 looked	 to	 be	 about	 Kandi’s	 age.	 “I	 really	 think	 this	 is	 a	 great opportunity	for	us.	We	could	use	some	help—”

“In	 my	 day,	 we	 didn’t	 gripe	 about	 help,	 we	 just	 did	 it,”	 the	 older	 man interrupted.

His	wife	patted	his	hand	again,	“Stanley.”

The	 young	 woman	 continued,	 “Our	 goats	 take	 a	 lot	 of	 work	 and,	 besides milking,	there’s	making	cheese	and	soap.	Being	able	to	sell	product	and	also	do

some	teaching	will	really	be	helpful	when…”

Hope	appeared	in	the	doorway.	She	held	on	to	her	mother’s	hand.	As	Faith

scoped	 the	 room	 with	 her	 gaze,	 it	 landed	 on	 the	 young	 woman	 who’d	 been talking.	She	let	go	of	Hope’s	hand	and	walked	directly	to	the	young	woman.

“Twins.”	 She	 put	 her	 hands	 on	 the	 woman’s	 stomach.	 “One	 of	 each.”	 She smiled	up	at	the	woman,	kissed	her	on	the	forehead,	and	turned	back	to	Hope.

Everyone	 turned	 to	 the	 young	 couple,	 and	 then	 a	 middle-aged	 woman

jumped	up.	“Is	this	true,	Karen?”

The	young	woman	smiled	shyly	and	then	broke	out	in	a	big	grin,	as	she	took

her	husband’s	hand.	“We’re	pregnant.”

The	group	broke	out	in	applause.	Congratulations	were	given	and	received.

When	everyone	had	settled	back	down,	Kandi	brought	the	group	to	order.

After	 much	 staring	 in	 Anne’s	 direction,	 a	 woman	 had	 excused	 herself	 and gone	out	toward	the	kitchen.

“Listen,	 we	 need	 to	 discuss	 who	 is	 going	 to	 do	 what,	 what	 types	 of	 events and	presentations	we’re	going	to	have,	and—”

A	woman’s	squeal	stopped	Kandi	from	continuing.

“I	knew	it.	I	knew	it	was	you!”	The	woman’s	excitement	gathered	steam	as

she	addressed	Anne.

“What	do	you	mean,	Velma?”	Kandi	looked	back	and	forth	from	the	woman

to	Anne.

Oh	no. Anne	focused	intently	on	her	lap.

“It’s	 her!	 Caroline	 Tenet!”	 She	 pointed	 to	 her	 iPad	 screen.	 “I	 just	 had	 to

check	for	sure.	Oh,	I’m	so	excited.	A	celebrity	in	our	town!”

“Her	name	is	Anne	Freemont,”	Kandi	retorted.

Velma	ignored	her.	“If	I	go	get	my	book,	will	you	sign	it?”	She	didn’t	wait

for	an	answer	but	burst	out	the	front	door.	The	sound	of	a	car	starting	up	could

be	heard.

Everyone	stared	at	Anne.

Suddenly	 Kandi’s	 eyes	 came	 into	 focus	 as	 her	 mind	 made	 the	 connection.

She	 stared	 at	 Anne.	 “You’re	 the	 author	 of	 all	 those	 homesteading	 books?”	 Her hands	shook.

“Who	is	she?”	Stanley	leaned	toward	his	wife.	“A	book	writer.”

“Oh,	is	that	all?	Jimmy	crack	corn,”	he	sniffled.

“Not	 just	 a	book	writer.”	The	anger	could	be	heard	in	Kandi’s	voice.	“She’s like	the	queen	of	homesteading.	She	has	a	huge	farm	in	Virginia.”	Her	voice	was

shaking.	 Vitriol	 poured	 from	 her.	 “What?	 Are	 you	 doing, like,	 research	 for another	book?	Is	that	why	you’ve	changed	your	appearance?”

“No.	 No,	 you	 have	 it	 all	 wrong.”	 Anne	 moved	 toward	 Kandi.	 The	 group

looked	on	in	ponderous	anticipation.

Kandi	ran	from	the	room	and	up	the	stairs.

“Excuse	 me.”	 Anne	 followed	 Kandi.	 The	 buzz	 of	 the	 group’s	 voices

followed	her.

Upstairs,	Kandi	ran	into	a	room.	Off	to	the	other	side,	Jeff	sat	in	his	office.

On	seeing	Anne,	he	mouthed, Good	riddance	 and	shut	his	door.

Jerk.	I’d	like	to	bean	you	over	the	head.

Anne	knocked	on	the	door.	“Kandi,	please,	let	me	explain.”

“Go.	Away.”

“Look,	 I’m	 sorry.	 It’s	 not	 that	 I	 was	 hiding…okay,	 so	 yes,	 I	 wasn’t	 telling anyone	about	who	I	was,	but	I	was	doing	it	for	a	reason.	Please,	let	me…”

The	 door	 opened.	 Kandi	 appeared	 smaller	 somehow,	 and	 her	 face	 was

blotched	red	from	crying.	“You	must	have	been	laughing	the	whole	time.	Every

time	I	said	something	about	my	chickens,	or	the	gardens,	or	anything,	you	must

have	had	a	good	long	laugh.”

“I	didn’t.	Yes,	I	already	knew	much	of	what	you	shared,	but	I	wasn’t	trying

to	be	mean.	I	just	needed	time.”

“Time?	 Time!”	 Her	 voice	 squeaked,	 as	 it	 rose.	 “For	 what?	 To	 let	 me	 make more	of	a	fool	of	myself?	Me	thinking	I	was	helping	you,	and	all	the	time	you’re

an	expert.”

“You	were— are	 helping	me.	Please,	Kandi,	forgive	me.	I’m	sorry.”

“You’re	all	alike.	I	hate	you!”	She	slammed	the	door	shut.

Anne	 raised	 her	 hand	 to	 knock	 again,	 and	 then	 let	 it	 drop	 instead.	 “I’m

sorry,”	she	whispered.

Anne	 trudged	 down	 the	 stairs.	 While	 she’d	 hoped	 to	 avoid	 the	 group,	 they were	 now	 in	 the	 kitchen.	 Some	 were	 washing	 dishes,	 while	 others	 dried	 them.

Another	group	stood	out	on	the	porch.	Heads	turned	her	direction.	No	one	spoke.

She	pulled	her	tweed	coat	from	the	hook	by	the	door	and,	without	making	any

eye	contact	with	anyone,	headed	out	the	door.

So	much	for	a	new	start.





Chapter	Twelve

In	the	first	few	days	following	the	announcement,	Anne	had	kept	to	her	house.

She	 discovered	 that	 she’d	 become	 the	 star	 of	 the	 town	 newspaper	 with	 a	 front page	headline,	CELEBRITY	UNCOVERED	IN	CAROLAN	SPRINGS.

She	could	only	hope	and	pray	the	people	driving	by	her	house	and	pointing

would	soon	stop.	Why	had	she	thought	that	a	change	in	appearance	and	returning

to	her	maiden	name	would	provide	enough	privacy?

Yet,	 what	 hurt	 worse	 than	 the	 media	 attention	 was	 the	 rift	 between	 her	 and Kandi.	How	had	this	silly	girl	come	to	mean	so	much	to	her?

Trying	her	best	to	stay	away	from	any	cameras	or	the	media,	Anne	had	used

the	 privacy	 afforded	 by	 Ralph’s	 property	 to	 go	 to	 Kandi’s	 when	 cabin	 fever struck.	Sadly,	Kandi	wouldn’t	answer	the	door.	The	last	time,	she’d	been	met	by

Jeff	 at	 the	 back	 door	 who	 informed	 her	 with	 glee	 in	 his	 voice,	 “Kandi	 doesn’t want	to	see	you.”

Anne	 couldn’t	 hide	 forever.	 She	 would	 have	 to	 go	 back	 out	 into	 the	 world.

Plus,	she	wanted	to	visit	Eliza	again.	Gathering	her	hair	up	into	a	hat	and	putting on	 a	 pair	 of	 Ray-Bans,	 she	 headed	 for	 the	 detached	 garage.	 She	 opened	 the garage	 door.	 Inside	 the	 musty	 shed,	 she	 climbed	 into	 the	 old	 pickup	 she’d purchased	before	moving	to	the	Springs.	Taking	in	a	deep	breath	of	courage,	she

drove	the	truck	down	the	drive.

A	few	people	loitered	by	the	curb	edge,	but	another	van	with	a	large	national

logo	now	sat	there	also.

Oh,	no.	Not	mainstream	media.

She	sighed	deeply.	Better	to	get	it	over	with	now.

She	 shifted	 the	 truck	 into	 park	 and	 got	 out.	 Walking	 briskly	 toward	 the assembled	group	of	local	media,	onlookers,	and	the	larger	van,	she	kept	her	head

up	 and	 shoulders	 back.	 The	 professionals	 quickly	 eclipsed	 Sally,	 the	 town

paper’s	junior	reporter,	with	their	barrage	of	questions.

“Ladies	and	gentlemen,”	Anne	said.	“I’ve	only	got	a	short	amount	of	time	to

respond	to	a	few	questions.	Sally,	what	can	I	answer	for	you?”

A	 microphone	 was	 thrust	 into	 Sally’s	 face	 by	 the	 reporter	 from	 the	 larger conglomerate.

“Um,	um,”	Sally	stuttered,	obviously	realizing	she’d	just	become	part	of	the

story.	“Ms.	Freemont,	why	did	you	choose	Carolan	Springs?”

“Great	question,	Sally.”	Anne	smiled	at	the	young	woman.

Sally	turned	and	beamed	at	the	photojournalist’s	camera.

“I	 wanted	 to	 find	 a	 place	 full	 of	 great	 people,	 and	 I	 did	 that	 in	 discovering Carolan	Springs.	It’s	one	of	the	best	towns	in	this	country.	I	would	like—”

The	national	reporter	cut	her	off.	“Ms.	Freemont,	is	it	true	that	your	divorce

caused	you	to	have	a	breakdown?”

Another	 reporter	 picked	 up	 the	 thread.	 “Did	 you	 move	 here	 because	 you

couldn’t	handle	city	life?”

Anger	rose	as	acid	in	her	throat. Don’t	let	them	goad	you,	Anne.

She	 smiled.	 The	 fake	 sentiment	 came	 surprisingly	 easy,	 with	 as	 much

practice	 as	 she’d	 had	 with	 her	 ex-husband.	 “As	 to	 your	 question,	 I	 think	 what you	 meant	 to	say	is	that	I	had	a	break- out. People	who	have	read	my	books	will understand	 my	 desire	 to	 get	 back	 to	 a	 simpler	 life.”	 The	 reporter	 from	 KBC

jostled	for	a	better	position.

“So	 there’s	 no	 truth	 to	 the	 rumor	 you’re	 upset	 over	 Senate	 candidate	 Duke Tenet	and	his	wife’s	announcement?”

“Announcement?” Shoot.	You	goofed.	Now	you’ve	opened	the	door.

“Yes,	her	pregnancy.”	The	woman	leered.	“They’re	expecting	a	baby.”

“Well	 I,	 I	 …”	 she	 stuttered,	 “I	 obviously	 didn’t	 know,	 as	 I	 do	 not	 keep	 up with	 their	 lives.”	 Anne	 struggled	 to	 make	 her	 voice	 light.	 “But	 a	 hearty congratulations	to	them.”	She	gritted	her	teeth	and	smiled.

Sally	had	finally	 found	her	voice	 again	and	thankfully	 changed	the	subject.

“Ms.	Freemont,	are	you	planning	on	writing	any	more	books?”	She	preened	for

the	cameras,	flipping	her	blond	hair	over	her	shoulder.

Memories	fought	to	the	surface	as	Anne	pushed	them	down.	She	struggled	to

talk	as	she	took	in	what	the	journalist	had	said. Breathe.	Breathe. Her	chest	felt heavy	and	she	could	feel	her	cheeks	flushing.	She	took	a	deep	breath.	“I	have	my

hands	full	now	with	the	restoration	of	my	house,	but	who	knows—”

The	woman	from	KBC	cut	in,	not	satisfied	with	the	less	sensational	tone	the

conversation	had	taken.	“I	heard	you	were	on	the	scene	of	a	murder	and	actually

know	the	murderer.”

“I	don’t	know	any	murderer.	The	woman	accused	of	the	crime	is	a	wonderful



young	lady	who	was	in	the	wrong	place	at	the	wrong	time.	I’m	sure	she	will	be

fully	vindicated.	The	town	is	mourning	one	of	its	longtime	residents.”	She	stared pointedly	at	the	woman.	“The	town	needs	space	to	grieve.”

The	reporter	took	up	the	scent.	“Did	you	move	here	to	grieve	the	loss	of	your

marriage	and	upper-class	lifestyle?”

“No.	 I…” Be	 careful,	 remember	 the	 NDA. “I	 have	 no	 further	 comments.	 I must	be	going.”

She	turned	and	headed	back	to	the	truck.	Cameras	flashed	around	her	as	she

exited	the	driveway.	She	fought	her	desire	to	run	over	the	entire	group.	As	she

headed	 out	 on	 the	 road	 to	 town,	 her	 body	 shook.	 Anne	 checked	 her	 mirror	 to make	 sure	 no	 one	 had	 followed	 her.	 The	 memories	 and	 emotions	 she’d	 fought for	 so	 long	 now	 came	 in	 wave	 after	 wave.	 Her	 hands	 began	 shaking	 so	 she pulled	over	to	the	side	of	the	road	and	shut	off	the	truck.

Only	then	did	she	allow	the	deep	sobs	to	come.

Eighteen	years	ago.

Her	 first	 meeting	 with	 Robert	 Duke	 Harrison	 Tenet.	 A	 whirlwind

engagement	 had	 led	 to	 an	 extravagant	 wedding.	 Soon	 enough	 Duke

charmed	 his	 way	 into	 a	 partnership	 with	 a	 prestigious	 law	 firm.

However,	Duke’s	long	days	spent	working	on	litigation	left	Anne	with	lots

of	free	time.	On	a	whim,	she’d	attended	a	lecture	on	the	growth	of	local

food	and	the	rise	of	urban	homesteaders	and	backyard	farming.

She’d	fallen	in	love	with	the	idea	of	“country	living	in	the	city.”

Before	 she	 knew	 it,	 they’d	 bought	 a	 second	 house	 in	 the	 country	 and she	 was	 writing	 about	 all	 things	 associated	 with	 backyard	 farming.	 As Duke	 spent	 more	 time	 away,	 Anne	 focused	 on	 writing.	 She	 chose	 a

tongue-in-cheek	 pseudonym	 of	 Anne	 Tenet.	 Duke	 had	 no	 idea	 it	 was

because	 she	 felt	 like	 Marie	 Antoinette	 on	 her	 little	 farm,	 pretending	 to live	a	different	life.	Later,	her	publisher	had	suggested	Caroline	Tenet—a

combination	of	her	first	and	middle	names.

But	as	years	crept	by,	Anne’s	internal	clock	ticked	louder	and	louder.

She	desperately	wanted	to	become	a	mother.	Duke	would	convince	her	to

wait	‘just	one	more	year.’	It	had	been	after	another	dinner	that	she	had

brought	it	up	once	again.	“Duke,	I’m	in	my	late	thirties.	Time’s	slipping

away.”

“No	need	to	rush.”	He	focused	on	a	text	from	his	phone.

“Well,	 actually,	 there	 is.	 I’m	 pregnant.”	 She	 laid	 her	 hands	 on	 her

stomach.

Startled,	 he	 looked	 at	 her	 with	 a	 shocked	 gaze	 and	 said	 nothing.

Finally,	 he	 stood	 and	 came	 over	 and	 kissed	 her.	 A	 ping	 on	 his	 phone stopped	 the	 moment.	 “I’ve	 got	 to	 go	 into	 the	 office.”	 He	 left	 without looking	back.

Dread	gnawed	at	her	and	she	shivered.

On	Friday	they’d	held	a	small	party.	Anne	was	talking	with	her	friend

when	Duke	came	over	with	a	tray	of	drinks.

“Honey,	do	you	think,	I	hate	to	ask—”

“Of	 course.	 Let	 me.”	 She	 took	 the	 tray	 from	 him	 as	 he	 made	 a	 big show	of	kissing	her	cheek.

Anne	went	over	to	the	staircase	leading	down	onto	a	flagstone	patio.

Duke	 followed.	 As	 Anne	 put	 her	 foot	 on	 the	 first	 step,	 she	 felt	 a	 bump from	behind.	With	her	hands	on	the	tray,	she	couldn’t	grab	the	handrail

to	 stop	 her	 fall.	 She	 tumbled	 down	 the	 stairs,	 landing	 hard	 on	 the flagstone.	 For	 most	 people,	 the	 fall	 would	 have	 been	 inconsequential.

But	 for	 Anne,	 it	 meant	 the	 end	 of	 her	 pregnancy.	 It	 also	 led	 to	 the discovery	 that	 she	 had	 a	 septate	 uterus.	 With	 her	 marriage	 already

struggling,	it	had	meant	her	chance	for	motherhood	was	slim.

After	 returning	 to	 D.C.,	 Duke	 had	 milked	 the	 sympathy	 card	 for

months.	 His	 approval	 ratings	 grew	 daily.	 But	 in	 private,	 a	 chill	 had settled	between	them.

“I’ve	 been	 talking	 to	 Senator	 Roberts.	 He	 tells	 me	 that	 children	 are critical	 to	 showing	 you’re	 a	 good	 family	 man.	 They	 make	 the	 public relate	to	you.	We’re	going	to	have	to	figure	this	out.”

To	Duke,	children	were	simply	chess	pieces	to	use	as	strategy	to	gain

what	you	want.	Since	she	could	no	longer

give	 him	 children,	 the	 news	 of	 his	 affair	 came	 as	 no	 surprise.	 After months	 of	 litigation,	 Duke	 made	 her	 an	 offer.	 If	 she	 would	 sign	 a	 non-disclosure	 agreement	 and	 agree	 to	 a	 closed	 divorce	 settlement,

everything	regarding	her	books	and	the	farm	would	be	hers.	After	a	year

of	lawyers,	she	was	tired.	She	agreed.

Sadly,	in	the	end,	Anne	still	had	had	to	sell	her	beloved	farm.

From	that	moment	on	she	had	stopped	living.	She	existed	in	a	bubble.

Months	 crept	 by.	 A	 year	 went	 past.	 Then	 another	 .	 Then	 one	 day	 she’d stumbled	 across	 an	 advertisement	 for	 an	 old	 decrepit	 Victorian	 in

Colorado.	When	she’d	arrived	in	Carolan	Springs,	she	felt	as	if	she	had

found	her	home.

Life	had	given	her	a	second	chance.

Now	it	had	all	come	back	to	haunt	her	once	again.

As	 the	 sobs	 racked	 her,	 the	 reminder	 of	 what	 she	 had	 lost	 filled	 her	 with agony.	 The	 new	 Mrs.	 Freemont	 would	 give	 Duke	 the	 needed	 boost	 at	 the	 polls with	her	pregnancy.

The	sobs	grew	stronger	and	stronger.	All	the	emotions	that	she	had	held	back

so	 long	 sought	 escape.	 Grief	 came	 in	 waves.	 Loss	 of	 her	 marriage.	 Loss	 of	 a chance	at	motherhood.	Loss	of	self.

Kandi’s	words	came	to	her	mind.	“You	hate	men.”	No,	she	didn’t	hate	 men	.

She	 had	 hated	 one	 man.	 One	 man	 who	 had	 taken	 everything	 from	 her.	 But	 no more.

All	this	time	she	had	thought	she	had	healed.	That	she	had	made	peace	with

everything	that	had	happened.	But	she	bore	the	burden	of	it.	She	hadn’t	been	at

fault	because	she	couldn’t	bear	a	child.	No,	Duke	lusted	for	power	and	he	would

do	 anything	 to	 attain	 it.	 She	 had	 to	 let	 go.	 She	 had	 to	 release	 any	 remaining power	he	held	over	her.

“I	 forgive	 you.”	 With	 those	 simple	 words,	 shackles	 she	 had	 placed	 on	 her heart	 lifted.	 She	 pressed	 her	 hands	 over	 her	 eyes	 and	 took	 in	 deep	 cleansing breaths.





Chapter	Thirteen

A	knock	on	the	truck’s	passenger	window	startled	Anne.	Sheriff	Carson.	She	had

been	so	deep	within	her	own	suffering	and	past	memories	that	she	hadn’t	heard

the	vehicle	pull	up.	Anne	ran	the	window	down.

“Everything	 okay	 here?”	 He	 laid	 his	 hand	 on	 the	 door	 jamb.	 His	 Stetson shielded	his	face.

“Yes.	 I’m	 fine.”	 She	 rubbed	 her	 eyes,	 sniffed,	 and	 hoped	 her	 face	 wasn’t covered	in	snot.

He	glanced	down	the	road.	“Not	good	to	sit	on	the	side	here.	Too	many	cars

come	around	that	curve	pretty	fast.”

“Sorry.	 I	 just	 pulled	 over	 for	 a	 minute.”	 Anne	 caught	 her	 reflection	 in	 the side	mirror.	Thankfully,	no	snot.

“Well,	it’s	easy	for	someone	to	back-end	you	before	you	know	it.	It’s	best	if

you	prevent	it	from	happening	in	the	future.”

Her	brow	furrowed	as	she	looked	at	him.	Was	he	talking	about	being	parked

here	or	the	fiasco	that	had	just	occurred?	Had	he	been	there?

Anne	pushed	her	bangs	back.	“Okay.	Thanks.	I’m	leaving	now.”

“You	sure	you’re	okay	to	drive?”	His	eyebrows	rose	with	the	question.

“Yes.	I’m	fine.	In	fact,	I’m	much	better	now.”

“You	take	care,	then.”	He	tipped	his	hat	and	took	a	few	steps	away	from	the

vehicle.

Anne	 pulled	 off	 the	 shoulder	 and	 onto	 the	 pavement.	 She	 glanced	 in	 the rearview	mirror.	Carson	stood	next	to	his	cruiser,	staring	after	her.

As	she	drove,	Anne	made	a	commitment.	She	hadn’t	come	this	far	not	to	get

what	she	wanted.	She	remembered	a	quote	and	repeated	it	aloud:	“‘I	can	and	I

will’—and	no	one	is	going	to	stop	me	from	making	a	new	life	here.”

She	 cranked	 up	 the	 radio.	 An	 upbeat	 tune	 came	 through	 the	 speakers.	 She

sang	 loudly	 and	 out	 of	 tune	 to	 its	 lyrics.	 Anne	 steered	 the	 vehicle	 toward	 the hospital.

She	pulled	into	the	parking	lot.	Grabbing	some	tissues	from	the	console,	she

checked	her	reflection.

In	the	hospital,	she	made	a	beeline	for	the	bathroom.	Anne	stared	at	a	fragile-

looking	woman	in	the	long	wall	of	mirrors.	Her	eyes	were	puffy	and	red	and	her

face	blotched	from	crying.

After	 washing	 her	 hands,	 she	 used	 a	 towel	 to	 pat	 her	 face	 with	 cold	 water.

The	 scratchy	 brown	 towel	 only	 made	 her	 face	 redder.	 Anne	 grabbed	 the	 only makeup	in	her	purse,	a	beeswax	lip	stain.	She	applied	it	quickly	with	a	deft	hand.

Now	her	entire	face	looked	red.	She	stuck	out	her	tongue	at	the	mirror	image	just as	another	lady	entered	the	bathroom.

“I	feel	ya,	honey.	I	have	a	lot	of	those	days	too.”	The	woman	headed	to	the

end	stall.

Anne	 chuckled	 to	 herself	 as	 she	 left	 the	 room.	 She	 strode	 over	 to	 the reception	desk.	A	young	nurse	sat	there.

Anne	smiled.	“Good	morning.	Is	Eliza	de	French	still	in	room	102?”

The	 nurse	 turned	 her	 gaze	 to	 the	 computer	 monitor.	 A	 few	 clicks	 on	 her keyboard	 later,	 she	 replied,	 “No.	 She’s	 been	 moved	 to	 the	 upper	 level.	 Room 204.”

“Thanks.”	Anne	took	the	stairs	to	the	next	floor.

Finding	Eliza’s	room,	she	saw	the	statuesque	woman	sitting	up	in	bed.	The

bright	white	bandage	on	her	head	contrasted	with	her	ebony	straightened	hair.

Eliza	smiled	as	she	entered.	“Anne.	So	very	nice	of	you	to	come.”

“I’m	sorry	it	wasn’t	sooner.”	She	set	her	purse	down	on	a	chair.

“I	 can	 certainly	 understand.”	 She	 pointed	 to	 the	 town’s	 paper	 lying	 beside her	on	the	bed.	“And	it	can	possibly	account	for	what	I	see	before	me.	I’m	sorry

you’re	going	through	this	ordeal.”

“Well,	 my	 secret’s	 out.”	 Anne	 stood	 next	 to	 the	 bed.	 Eliza	 sighed.	 “We	 all have	our	secrets.”

“But	 ‘my	 ordeal’	 is	 nothing	 compared	 to	 what	 you’ve	 experienced.	 Here,	 I brought	 you	 this.	 I	 hope	 you	 like	 it.	 I’ve	 been	 experimenting	 with	 this	 winter cream.”	Anne	handed	Eliza	the	container	holding	the	lotion.

Eliza	 opened	 it.	 “Thank	 you.	 I’ve	 wanted	 my	 gloves,	 but	 every	 time	 I	 put them	on	my	hands,	they	ask	me	to	remove	them.”	She	unscrewed	the	jar	top	and

breathed	in	the	lavender	fragrance.	“Divine.”	She	applied	it	to	her	hands.	“This

lotion	is	simply	wonderful.	And	you	make	it?”

“Yes.	 I’ve	 always	 enjoying	 making	 my	 own	 personal	 products.	 And	 lately

I’ve	had	a	hard	time	sleeping,	so	I	made	up	a	batch.	Hope	provided	the	lavender

essential	oil.”

“Wonderful.”	Eliza	sighed.

“It’s	good	to	see	you	feeling	better.	What	do	the	doctors	say?”

“I’m	going	to	be	fine,	though	I	had	a	pretty	good	concussion	from	hitting	the

window.	I’ve	had	some	awful	headaches,	but	they	say	that’s	normal	as	the	brain

heals	 and	 repairs.”	 She	 closed	 her	 eyes	 for	 a	 moment.	 “Strangely	 enough,	 I’ve been	sleeping	much	better.	No	need	to	take	the	sleep	aids	anymore.”

“They	always	say	you	can	find	something	good	in	any	situation	if	you	look

hard	enough.”	Anne	pulled	the	chair	over	next	to	the	bed.

Eliza	leaned	back	on	the	bed.

“Here	 let	 me	 help	 you.”	 Anne	 fluffed	 the	 pillows	 beneath	 Eliza.	 The	 gaunt woman	 cautiously	 turned	 over	 on	 her	 side.	 Her	 face	 became	 serious	 and	 her voice	lower.	“Keep	reaching	out	to	Kandi.	She’s	hurt,	but	she’ll	come	around.”

Anne	sat	and	looked	down	at	her	hands.	“I	just	wanted	to	start	over.	I	wasn’t

trying	to	hide	anything.	In	a	way,	I’m	rediscovering	who	I	am.	I	would	have	told

her	eventually.”

“You	 need	 not	 explain	 anything	 to	 me.	 I	 understand	 the	 desire	 to	 be	 in	 a place	of	security.	Of	allowing	time	to	heal.”	She	sighed	deeply	once	more.

“Eliza—”

Eliza	held	her	hand	up	to	stop	Anne.	“I	know	what	you’re	going	to	say.	What

am	 I,	 a	 black	 woman	 that	 stands	 out	 against	 a	 sea	 of	 white	 faces,	 doing	 in Carolan	Springs?”

Anne	laughed.	“Well,	actually,	I	was	going	to	ask	about	your	fan	club.”	She

waved	 toward	 the	 display	 of	 numerous	 expensive	 flower	 arrangements.	 “But since	 you	 brought	 it	 up,	 you’re	 right.	 I	 am	 nosy.	 From	 what	 I	 can	 gather,	 the town	is	middle	to	lower	income.	We	have	some	wealthy	residents,	but	not	many

gorgeous	 African-	 American	 supermodels.	 So,	 yes,	 I’m	 curious	 as	 to	 what brought	you	here.”

“While	 I	 appreciate	 your	 compliment,	 beauty	 can	 also	 be	 detrimental.”

Sadness	passed	across	Eliza’s	face	before	she	continued.	“Years	ago,	I	came	to

Colorado	 for	 a	 photo	 shoot.	 After	 we	 were	 done,	 I	 decided	 to	 explore	 on	 my own.	 I	 rented	 a	 car	 and	 took	 off	 for	 a	 drive.	 Unfortunately,	 or	 fortunately, depending	on	how	you	look	at	it,	I	wasn’t	used	to	driving	in	the	mountains.	Eliza poured	 some	 water	 from	 a	 plastic	 container	 and	 took	 a	 sip	 of	 water	 before speaking.	“I	did	what	most	people	do.	I	rode	the	brakes	down	the	mountain	and

next	 thing	 I	 knew—no	 brakes.	 Luckily,	 I	 was	 able	 to	 coast	 into	 town.	 As	 you know,	Carolan	Springs	isn’t	a	big	town,	so	it	had	only	a	few	vehicles	for	rent	and those	were	gone.	The	wrong	parts	were	sent	for	my	car.	I	ended	up	staying	the

entire	week.

“I	met	Kandi	the	first	day.”	Eliza	stopped	speaking	and	a	strange	look	passed over	her	face.	She	quickly	took	another	sip	of	water.	Now	composed	again,	she

continued.	“Kandi’s	the	one	who	got	me	a	room	at	Marla’s	Bed	and	Breakfast.”

“Wait.	I	thought	Marla	was	the	reporter.”

“She	is	but	being	a	reporter	here	is	only	a	part-time	job.”	Eliza	moved	into	a

different	position.

“Sorry,	please	continue	your	story,”	Anne	replied.	“Well,	Kandi	took	me	out

for	 a	 hike	 to	 a	 beautiful	 lake.	 As	 we	 made	 our	 way	 around	 the	 lake,	 we	 came across	 a	 cabin	 that	 was	 up	 for	 sale.	 Everyone	 had	 been	 so	 kind	 and	 friendly.	 I knew	I	wanted	to	return,	so	I	bought	the	place.	Just	like	that.

“Now	 I	 come	 here	 when	 I	 don’t	 need	 to	 be	 in	 New	 York	 or	 LA,	 or	 on location.	 It	 took	 some	 time	 for	 everyone	 to	 get	 used	 to	 me,	 but	 now	 I	 am acquainted	 with	 quite	 a	 few	 of	 the	 town’s	 residents.	 They’ve	 accepted	 me,	 and I’ve	 accepted	 them.”	 She	 rubbed	 her	 head,	 and	 a	 furrow	 appeared	 between	 her eyes.

“Oh,	 I’m	 so	 sorry.”	 Anne	 stood	 up.	 “I	 should	 let	 you	 rest.	 Need	 anything before	I	go?”

“No,	thank	you.”	Eliza	grimaced.

As	if	by	telepathy,	a	nurse	appeared.	“Time	for	your	medication.”

Eliza	 held	 out	 her	 hand	 and	 Anne	 took	 it.	 “Thank	 you	 again	 for	 coming.	 I appreciate	it	very	much.	Please	give	my	regards	to	Kandi.”

“I	will.”	She	gave	Eliza’s	hand	a	little	squeeze.	Anne	determined	she	would

see	Kandi	if	she	had	to	camp	out	on	the	young	woman’s	porch.





Chapter	Fourteen

Anne	drove	directly	to	Kandi’s	and	marched	up	to	the	kitchen	door.

She	knocked.

No	answer.

She	waited.

“Kandi,	 I	 know	 you’re	 in	 there.	 Open	 this	 door!”	 Anne	 banged	 again.	 “I’m not	leaving	until	you	open	this	door,	young	lady.	You	need	me,	you	know.	Who

else	is	going	to	help	you	find	the	killer?”

“Hey,	there.”	A	woman’s	voice	interrupted	her	rant.

Anne	turned	to	see	a	group	of	people	coming	from	the	direction	of	her	house.

Someone	in	the	crowd	spoke.	“We	were	just	going	over	to	see	you.”

“You	were?”	Anne	let	her	hand	drop	to	her	side.	The	crowd	parted.

“Yes.”	 Kandi	 stood	 with	 her	 hands	 clutched	 in	 front	 of	 her.	 “Everyone	 has shared	 how	 this	 is	 a	 great	 opportunity	 for	 our	 homesteading	 fair.	 We	 have	 a famous	author	in	our	midst.	We’d…I’d…like	to	ask	if	you	will	be	the	headliner

of	the	fair.”

All	eyes	were	on	her.

Anne	hated	the	idea	of	headlining	the	fair,	but	knew	she	had	no	choice	if	she

were	going	to	make	it	up	to	Kandi.	“Of	course.”

Everyone	cheered.

“Great.”	 A	 woman’s	 voice	 carried	 from	 the	 back	 of	 the	 group.	 “Let’s	 get planning.”

The	elderly	man	from	the	last	disastrous	meeting	spoke.	“Is	there	coffee?	I’m

cold.”

“Yes,	Mr.	Culpepper.”	Kandi	pointed	to	the	house.	“I	also	have	some	items

for	sandwiches,	along	with	some	pickled	eggs,	potato	salad,	and	some	blueberry

crumble	with	fresh	cream.”

He	licked	his	lips.	“Well,	then.	What	are	we	doing	standing	around	out	here for?	Let’s	get	to	work.”	He	rubbed	his	hands	together	and	strode	forward.

Everyone	followed	after	him,	leaving	Kandi	and	Anne	alone.	Both	had	hung

back	as	the	group	entered	the	house.

Anne	 reached	 over	 and	 laid	 her	 hand	 on	 Kandi’s	 arm.	 “I’m	 sorry,	 Kandi.

Sincerely.	I	did	not	mean	to	be	secretive.	I	simply	wanted	some	space.”

“I	 still	 feel	 like	 such	 a	 fool.	 I	 can’t	 believe	 I	 didn’t	 recognize	 you.”	 Kandi wrung	her	hands	together.	“You	really	hurt	me	by	not	trusting	me.”

“It’s	 not	 surprising	 at	 all.	 I	 have	 a	 totally	 different	 hair	 color	 and	 hairstyle, removed	 the	 entire	 makeup	 mask,	 and	 gained	 about	 forty	 pounds.	 You’d	 be surprised	at	what	good	makeup	and	lighting	can	do	for	you.”	She	grinned.

Kandi	glanced	up	at	Anne.	“You	know	in	some	ways,

I’m	really	excited.	This	is	going	to	be	such	a	great	thing	for	our	community.

In	other	ways,	I	want	to	stay	mad	at	you.”	She	crossed	her	arms	over	her	chest.

“Truce,	then?”	Anne	held	out	her	hand.

Kandi	caught	her	hand	and	pulled	her	into	a	hug.	“I	don’t	want	to	stay	mad

—”

“Hey,	come	on.	I	got	me	some	things	to	be	doing.”	A	man’s	voice	interrupted

the	scene.

The	two	women	laughed	as	Mr.	Culpepper	threw	his	hands	in	the	air	before

being	admonished	to	come	back	inside	by	his	wife.

“Come	 on,	 you.”	 Anne	 linked	 her	 arm	 with	 Kandi’s.	 “Forty	 pounds,	 huh?”

Kandi	 winked	 at	 Anne,	 who	 swatted	 at	 the	 young	 woman.	 Kandi	 laughed	 and went	on,	“After	the	entire	thing	with	poor	Rusty,	we	decided	to	focus	on	poultry

as	 our	 primary	 theme.	 Workshops	 early	 in	 the	 day	 will	 be	 about	 chicks	 and brooders,	 then	 on	 to	 pullets,	 and	 finally	 on	 to	 the	 hens.	 In	 the	 evening	 we’re going	to	have	a	‘rooster’	themed	dance.”

Anne’s	eyebrows	rose.

“I	 know…I	 know	 what	 you’re	 thinking.	 It’s	 a	 bit	 hokey.	 But	 I	 think	 it	 fits us.”	Kandi	pushed	her	hair	behind	her	ears.

Anne	replied.	“Agree.	I	think	it	will	be	fun.	And	I	like	hokey.	What	else	do

we	need	to	talk	about?”

“You’ll	have	two	presentations.	One	in	the	morning	and	one	in	the	afternoon.

Even	without	any	of	the	main	items,	I’m	hearing	rooms	are	booking	up	quickly.

Having	your	name	added	as	speaker	is	going	to	be	a	big	draw.	Thanks	again	for

doing	this.	You’re	the	best.”

“Egg-xactly,”	Anne	chimed	in.

Kandi	 groaned.	 “Oh	 no.	 Not	 you	 too!	 I’ve	 had	 to	 deal	 with	 those	 kinds	 of puns	for, like,	weeks	from	Stanley.”



“Then	 it’s	 my	 pleasure	 to	 continue	 the	 hokey	 pun-fest.	 I’m	 egg-static	 to	 be part	of	a	successful	hokey	homestead	fair.”

Kandi	groaned.	Then	they	both	burst	out	laughing.

Before	Anne	knew	it,	the	fair	was	upon	them.	The	town	was	decked	out	in

all	its	finery	promoting	the	fair.	Stores	were	packed	with	day	tourists	and	cafes with	those	staying	at	local	bed	and	breakfasts.	Sam	had	rented	out	his	place	on

HomeAway	and	two	couples	from	Texas	were	staying	there.

Although	Anne	was	used	to	speaking	in	front	of	audiences,	this	would	be	her

biggest	live	audience.	She	launched	into	the	advantages	and	benefits	of	backyard

chickens.	There	were	many	beginners	interested	in	chickens	so	lots	of	hands	shot

up	in	the	air	with	questions.

“I	only	have	a	very	small	yard.	It’s	just	me	and	my	husband.	Can	I	get	just

one	chicken?”

“I	 don’t	 recommend	 it.	 Chicken	 are	 social	 creatures.	 They’re	 a	 bit	 like teenagers.	They	need	others	around	and	they’ll	definitely	have	a	pecking	order.

If	 you	 don’t	 have	 the	 space,	 try	 a	 bantam	 or	 smaller	 chicken	 breed.	 You	 could easily	 have	 three	 to	 five	 hens.	 And	 trust	 me,	 you’ll	 have	 friends	 that	 want	 any extra	eggs	you	might	have!”

Anne	pointed	at	a	woman	wearing	a	baby	snuggly	in	her	Tula	wrap.

“I’d	only	seen	white	and	brown	eggs	at	my	grocery	store.	But	earlier	today	I

saw	 some	 blue	 ones,	 some	 pink,	 and	 even	 some	 green	 eggs.	 How	 do	 you	 get those	kinds	of	eggs	and	do	they	taste	different	than	a	white	egg?”

Anne	 moved	 to	 the	 side	 of	 the	 stage	 where	 a	 dozen	 eggs	 were	 in	 a	 clear container.	 “Each	 of	 these	 eggs	 is	 a	 different	 color.	 Some”—she	 held	 up	 one

—“even	have	spots	on	them.	This	is	determined	by	the	type	of	hens	you	have.

For	 instance,	 if	 you	 want	 a	 brown	 egg,	 then	 your	 best	 choices	 would	 be something	like	a	Rhode	Island	Red,	a	Wyandotte,	an	Astralorp,	or	Orpington.

Ameraucana	or	Aracaunas,	or	what	some	refer	to	as	Easter-eggers,	lay	blue

or	green	eggs.’’

A	small	hand	shot	up.

“Yes?	 You	 in	 the	 back.”	 She	 motioned	 to	 the	 small	 boy.	 “Um,	 uh,	 how	 do you	know	if	the	eggs	are	good	for	you?	I	mean,	you	know,	like,	okay	to	eat?	I

mean,	when	you	go	to	the	store,	you	can	trust	they’re	okay.”

“Good	question.	Thanks	for	asking.”	The	boy	beamed	at	the	praise.

“First,	let’s	start	with	the	timing.	When	you	go	outside	and	retrieve	eggs	on	a

daily	 basis,	 those	 eggs	 are	 fresh.	 Eggs	 in	 the	 store	 can	 have	 taken	 up	 to	 five

weeks	just	to	get	on	your	refrigerator	shelf.”

Some	people	in	the	crowd	gasped,	and	Anne	heard,	“Is	that	true?”

“It’s	true.	Look	it	up.”	She	smiled	at	the	crowd.

“Healthy	 egg	 yolks	 will	 look	 like	 a	 bright	 orange	 sun	 and	 will	 be	 firm	 and not	 break.	 Eggs	 from	 your	 backyard	 chickens	 are	 often	 healthier	 for	 you	 with less	 cholesterol	 and	 saturated	 fat,	 yet	 have	 more	 vitamins	 A	 and	 E,	 omega	 3s, and	 beta	 carotene.	 Just	 one	 more	 reason	 to	 consider	 getting	 some	 of	 your	 own hens.

“Also,	remember,	chickens	aren’t	vegetarian.	They’re	omnivores.	They	love

bugs.	 They	 need	 protein.	 One	 of	 the	 best	 things	 you	 can	 give	 your	 girls	 are mealworms.	They	love	them.”

A	little	girl	on	the	front	row	said	loudly,	“I	don’t	want	to	eat	worms.”

The	 audience	 roared.	 Definitely	 a	 good	 sign	 when	 people	 enjoyed

themselves.	Anne	spied	Kandi	signaling	for	her	to	conclude.	“Okay,	time	for	one

last	question.”

“I	 bought	 some	 chickens,	 and	 I	 think	 they’re	 dying.	 They	 started	 losing	 all their	feathers.	They	look	horrible.”	The	woman	grimaced.	“Should	I	ask	for	my

money	back?”

“They’re	 molting.	 Now	 that	 the	 weather	 is	 cooler,	 they’re	 getting	 ready	 to put	 on	 their	 winter	 coats.	 In	 a	 few	 weeks,	 you’ll	 be	 thinking	 you	 have	 the prettiest	chickens	in	town.”

Anne	smiled	at	the	crowd.	“Thank	you	everyone.	You’ve	been	great.	I’ll	be

over	at	the	table	in	booth	forty-	five,	if	you’d	like	to	stop	by.”

The	audience	clapped,	and	Anne	left	the	stage.	As	she	moved	to	the	right	on

the	 stairs,	 a	 group	 of	 folk	 musicians	 climbed	 to	 set	 up	 for	 their	 performance	 at lunch.

Anne	 met	 Kandi.	 “How’s	 it	 going?	 I	 tried	 to	 say	 hi	 this	 morning,	 but	 you were—”

“Running	 around	 like	 a	 chicken	 with	 my	 head	 cut	 off?”	 Kandi	 tossed	 her head,	 her	 ponytail	 bouncing.	 “It’s	 been	 crazy.	 I	 think	 we, like,	 doubled	 our numbers	 from	 last	 year.	 And	 it’s	 all	 due	 to	 you.	 You’ve	 made	 this	 a	 huge success.”	She	hugged	Anne	who	returned	the	hug.

Anne	smiled	as	she	grasped	Kandi’s	arms.	“Don’t	count	yourself	short.	Your

hokey	idea	looks	to	have	struck	a	chord	with	a	lot	of	folks.	People	interested	in homesteading	 can	 learn	 while	 others	 can	 simply	 enjoy	 the	 fair	 and	 take	 home some	of	Sally’s	homemade	peach	jam.”

“It’s, like,	 the	 best	 isn’t	 it?”	 Kandi	 smiled.	 “I	 have	 her	 saving	 me	 a	 couple jars.”

“Me	too.	Plus	the	vendor	booths,	the	petting	farm,	the	music	performances,

and	the	rooster	dance	are	all	great	ideas.”

“Have	to	give	credit	where	credit	is	due.	I	had	some	initial	ideas,	but	when

everything	went	nuts	after	Ralph	died,	believe	it	or	not,	Stanley	stepped	in	and

took	 over.	 I	 guess	 that	 old	 drill	 sergeant	 instinct	 kicked	 in.	 He	 had	 everyone working	on	a	section	of	the	fair.	And, like,	he	told	me,	they	all	attacked	it	to	win the	war.	He	 persuaded” 	—she	made	quotes	in	the	air	with	her	fingers—“a	bunch of	 the	 local	 store	 owners	 to, like,	 pony	 up	 money.	 He	 told	 them	 how	 their businesses	would	benefit,	and	 voilà,	there	you	go.	Done	deal.	I’m	super	stoked.”

Kandi’s	 phone	 dinged	 with	 a	 text.	 “Oops.	 Meltdown	 at	 the	 kid’s	 petting	 area.

Gotta	go.”	She	hurried	off.

“Hi.”	A	deep	voice	came	from	behind	her.

Anne	 turned	 to	 find	 Sheriff	 Carson	 standing	 there.	 His	 six	 foot	 four	 height was	imposing	and	his	broad	shoulders	blocked	some	of	the	sun.

“Hello.”	She	reached	up	and	subconsciously	smoothed	her	hair.

“Good	job	up	there.”	He	nodded	toward	the	stage.	“Walk	with	me?”

“Well,	 I	 was	 going	 to	 head	 over	 to	 the	 food	 tent.”	 “Sounds	 good	 to	 me.	 I haven’t	eaten	all	morning.	May	I	join	you?”

“You	 off	 duty?”	 She	 peered	 up	 at	 him.	 Short	 black	 curls	 peeked	 from	 the back	of	his	hat,	signaling	a	haircut	put	off.

“I’ve	 been	 here	 since	 four	 this	 morning.	 Got	 the	 deputies	 on	 ‘stop	 being	 a jack—’”	 He	 stumbled	 over	 his	 words.	 “Well,	 you	 can	 probably	 figure	 out	 the rest.	 Got	 some	 of	 the	 local	 veterans	 acting	 as	 posse	 on	 any	 bad	 behavior.”	 He smiled	 down	 at	 her	 and	 she	 noticed	 one	 of	 his	 teeth	 had	 a	 small	 chip	 in	 the corner.	It	made	him	look	less	invincible.

They’d	 reached	 the	 food	 tent	 where	 all	 matter	 of	 intriguing	 and

mouthwatering	smells	drifted	in	the	air.

A	lyrical	voice	called	out,	“Carson!	Carson!”	A	woman	hurried	toward	them.

She	 wore	 a	 form-fitting	 burgundy	 and	 cream	 sweater,	 a	 pair	 of	 forest	 green corduroys,	and	tall	brown	boots	with	heels	that	added	height	to	her	petite	frame.

Instead	of	jarring,	the	burgundy	made	her	scarlet	hair	glow.	She	was—in	a	word

—stunning.

Anne	glanced	down	at	her	wrinkled	chambray	shirt,	jeans,	and	ankle	boots.

She	wished	she’d	considered	her	outfit	a	bit	more	this	morning,	but	five	o’clock

had	come	way	too	early	and	she’d	wanted	to	wear	something	comfortable.	The

word	 hokey	 came	 unbidden	 to	 her	 mind.	 Just	 because	 she’d	 given	 up	 couture didn’t	 mean	 she	 should	 give	 up	 caring	 at	 all.	 She	 smoothed	 her	 shirt	 with	 her hands.

The	sheriff	smiled	as	the	woman	approached.	“Hi,	Sorcha.	What	can	I	do	for

you?”

Sorcha	purred.	“There	you	are!	I’ve	been	looking	all	over	for	you.”

Anne	took	a	step	forward.

“Oh…	 hello.”	 Sorcha	 turned	 back	 to	 Carson.	 “Oh,	 don’t	 look	 so	 sad.	 You know	 I’ve	 got	 some	 food	 for	 you.	 Shepherd’s	 pie	 and	 scotch	 eggs—your

favorite.	Come	on.”	She	hooked	her	arm	through	his,	propelling	him	away.

“Later?”	he	said	over	his	shoulder.	“Sure.	No	worries.”	She	waved	them	off.

Who	am	I	kidding?	No	way	can	I	compete	with	the	fiery-	hot	Celtic	Sophia

Loren.

That	unbidden	thought	stopped	her	in	her	tracks.	Compete?	She	didn’t	even

feel	any	attraction	to	the	man.	If	anything,	he	was	condescending	to	her.	He	also seemed	to	always	appear	when	she	looked,	or	felt,	at	her	worst.	No.	She	didn’t

feel	anything.

He’s	simply	being	friendly	and	I’m	tired.





Chapter	Fifteen

After	giving	her	second	talk,	Anne	told	Kandi	she	was	leaving	for	the	day.	One

of	the	first	things	she’d	fallen	in	love	with	in	Carolan	Springs	was	the	wide	treelined	 streets	 and	 the	 various	 shops	 where	 you	 could	 browse	 at	 leisure	 so	 she decided	 to	 stroll	 down	 Main	 Street.	 Normally	 quiet,	 the	 last	 few	 days	 they’d thrived	 with	 people	 from	 the	 fair.	 People	 crowded	 around	 displays	 put	 out	 by shop	 vendors	 and	 street	 musicians	 performed	 varying	 types	 of	 music.	 It	 all served	to	present	a	festive	air	to	the	city	and	was	inviting	her	to	participate.

Fall	was	certainly	in	the	air.	Leaves	tickled	by	the	wind	provided	windswept

colors	on	the	swept	sidewalk	in	front	of	her	and	the	aspens	quivered	and	rustled

as	 she	 enjoyed	 their	 golden	 dance	 in	 the	 sun.	 The	 remnants	 of	 melting	 snow were	 the	 only	 reminder	 of	 the	 storm	 from	 last	 night.	 Anne	 marveled	 at	 how quickly	the	weather	could	change	in	Colorado.

After	browsing	in	a	few	shops,	Anne	reached	the	town	bookstore.	All	of	her

homesteading	 books	 now	 graced	 the	 shop’s	 window.	 Taking	 a	 step	 back,	 she turned	to	move	down	the	street	when	the	store’s	door	flew	open.	A

pretty,	 young	 woman	 ran	 out	 of	 the	 door.	 “Hello.	 Aren’t	 you	 Ms.	 Tenet?	 I mean,	Ms.	Freemont?”

“Yes.”	Anne	smiled	back.

“How	do	you	like	the	display?”	the	young	woman	asked	excitedly.

She	inspected	it	alongside	the	woman.	The	display	spotlighted	a	backdrop	of

a	 farm	 scene	 that	 featured	 rustic	 folk	 art	 chickens	 along	 with	 a	 milk	 jug brimming	with	artificial	sunflowers.	From	the	ceiling,	bees	with	gossamer	wings

flew	 in	 front	 of	 the	 artificial	 sky.	 Anne’s	 books	 were	 stacked	 or	 opened	 to showcase	photos.

“It’s	 very	 nice.	 Did	 you	 create	 it?”	 Anne	 complimented	 the	 woman	 with

reddish	gold	hair	and	green	eyes.	Freckles	liberally	dotted	her	nose.

“Yes,	 I	 did.”	 She	 smiled	 brightly,	 revealing	 a	 set	 of	 white	 teeth	 encased	 in braces.	“Oh,	and	I’m	Missy.”

“Would	you	like	me	to	sign	some	of	the	books,	Missy?”

“Really?”	 Missy	 squealed	 and	 jumped	 up	 and	 down	 before	 composing

herself.	“Oh,	that	would	be	wonderful!”

She	 opened	 the	 door	 and	 escorted	 Anne	 into	 the	 shop.	 Inside,	 the	 smell	 of old	books	mingled	with	the	scent	of	chocolate	chip	cookies.	A	woman	appeared

in	the	doorway.	Anne’s	breath	caught	in	her	throat.	It	was	Sorcha.

Where	the	girl	was	cute	and	pretty,	the	woman	was	beautiful.	Her	mahogany

locks	 which	 had	 cascaded	 in	 waves	 over	 her	 shoulders	 were	 now	 pulled	 back with	 a	 clip	 and	 she’d	 traded	 her	 high-heeled	 brown	 boots	 for	 some	 burgundy velvet	flats.

“Mom,	 this	 is	 Anne	 Freemont!”	 Missy’s	 huge	 grin	 barely	 contained	 her

noticeable	excitement.

“Yes,	I	believe	that’s	true.”	She	turned	to	Anne.	“I’m	sorry	I	was	so	abrupt

earlier.	 I	 knew	 I	 had	 a	 short	 time	 for	 lunch	 before	 I	 had	 to	 get	 back	 here.	 I’m Sorcha.”	She	smiled	and	held	out	her	hand	which	Anne	took.

Anne	 returned	 the	 smile.	 “No	 worries.	 I	 know	 today	 was	 hectic	 for

everyone.”

Sorcha	 released	 Anne’s	 hand	 and	 pointed	 to	 the	 window.	 “I	 hope	 you

approve	of	the	display.”

“I	do.	I	was	just	telling…”	“Missy,”	the	girl	interjected.

“I	was	just	telling	Missy	that	I	would	be	happy	to	sign	some	of	the	books	for

you.”

“Wonderful.”	 The	 woman	 motioned	 toward	 a	 small	 alcove	 Anne	 hadn’t

noticed	on	entering	the	shop.	“Please,	take	a	seat.”

A	 lit	 fire	 crackled	 and	 warmed	 the	 tiny	 room.	 Missy	 turned	 on	 a	 few	 floor lamps,	 dispelling	 any	 lingering	 shadows.	 Anne	 quickly	 scanned	 the	 room	 and headed	toward	an	overstuffed	chair	next	to	the	fireplace.	Draped	over	every	chair was	a	soft	throw	in	various	jewel	tones.	She	spied	a	pair	of	closed	heavy	wooden

doors.	 Across	 the	 top	 on	 the	 door’s	 fascia,	 a	 carved	 wooden	 sign	 spelled	 out Library	.

Anne	sighed	deeply.	“This	is	wonderful.”

“Thank	you.	It’s	my	favorite	room	in	the	shop.”	The	woman	closed	the	doors

behind	them.

Sorcha	 pulled	 stacks	 of	 Anne’s	 books	 from	 a	 couple	 of	 the	 boxes.	 She	 and Anne	set	the	books	on	a	mahogany	pie	crust	table	in	the	adjoining	room.

She	motioned	to	the	chair	that	Missy	had	pulled	up	to	a	larger	table	against

the	 wall.	 As	 she	 sunk	 into	 the	 comfortable	 high-back	 chair,	 a	 plate	 holding	 a

sweet-	smelling	cookie	was	placed	in	front	of	her.

“I’ll	be	back	in	a	minute.”	The	woman	left	and	returned	shortly	bearing	a	tea

pot	and	two	glasses	of	milk.

“If	you’re	like	me,	you’ll	want	milk	with	your	cookies	and	hot	tea	too.”	She

set	the	items	on	the	table.	“Sorcha	is	a	beautiful	and	unique	name.	Is	that	Irish?”

The	woman	threw	back	her	head	and	laughed	heartily.	“Oh,	no.	Good	thing

my	 mathair	 —mother—didn’t	 hear	 you	 say	 that.	 Celtic—Scottish.	 It	 means bright,	 radiant.	 As	 you	 can	 imagine	 from	 seeing	 my	 daughter,	 I	 too	 came	 into this	world	with	bright	red	hair.”

The	woman	took	a	sip	of	her	tea.	“My	great-	grandfather	came	to	Colorado

during	 the	 gold	 rush.	 He	 met	 my	 grandmother	 and	 never	 left.”	 She	 focused intently	on	Anne.	Her	green	eyes	were	rimmed	with	brown	eyeliner	and	almost

glowed	like	a	cat’s.	“I	heard	that	you	are	helping	Kandi	with	her	dilemma.”

“Her	 dilemma?”	 Anne	 took	 another	 bite	 of	 cookie,	 the	 warm	 chocolate

infusing	her	mouth	with	its	sweetness.“Oh.	Well,	I	don’t	believe	for	one	moment

Kandi	killed	Ralph,	if	that’s	what	you	mean.”

Sorcha	fixed	her	piercing	gaze	on	Anne	from	across	the	table.	“Yes,	it’s	what

I	mean.”

Anne	squirmed	under	the	intense	appraisal.	“I’m	not	sure	how	I	can	help	her,

but	I’m	doing	what	I	can.”

Sorcha	sipped	her	tea.

Maybe	Sorcha	could	 give	Anne	some	 insights.	“What	about	 Ralph?	Did	he

have	any	enemies	or	anyone	with	a	grudge—?”

“No.	Of	course	not.”	She	cocked	an	eyebrow.	“Are	you	referring	to	Hope?”

Anne	 nodded,	 sadly	 wiping	 her	 chocolate-covered	 fingers	 on	 a	 napkin

instead	of	popping	them	in	her	mouth.

“Such	a	heartbreaking	story.”	Sorcha	took	in	a	deep	breath.	“Faith	and	Ralph

fell	in	love	in	high	school.	Families	in	this	town	have	lived	here	since	the	town’s inception.	I	believe	Faith’s	ancestry	relates	to	Romanian	gypsies.	But	everyone

in	 town	 considered	 her	 relations	 witches.	 And	 there’d	 always	 been	 bad	 blood between	the	two	clans.”

She	frowned	and	shook	her	head.	“Anyway,	his	parents	were	dead	set	against

the	 union.	 When	 he’d	 come	 home	 from	 college	 they	 could	 see	 that	 his

relationship	with	Faith	was	becoming	serious.	So	they	contacted	an	old	friend	in

another	 state	 and	 got	 Ralph	 an	 internship.	 It	 made	 sure	 he	 couldn’t	 visit	 with Faith.	 Yet,	 what	 Ralph	 didn’t	 know	 at	 the	 time	 was	 that	 his	 father	 was intercepting	all	communication.

“That’s	horrible!”	Anne’s	cup	rattled	as	she	set	it	in	the	saucer.

Sorcha	nodded	affirmation.	“No	one	has	proof	but	his	dad,	who	was	mayor

at	the	time,	may	have	paid	off	the	postman	to	intercept	all	of	Ralph’s	letters	to Faith.”	When	she	saw	Anne’s	surprised	look,	she	acknowledged	it.	“Remember,

the	prejudice	ran	deep	back	then	against	Faith’s	people.	They	were	tolerated	but

the	 idea	 of	 a	 marriage	 was	 out	 of	 the	 question.	 As	 powerful	 as	 Ralph’s	 father was,	it	would	have	been	pretty	easy	to	pay	someone	to	look	the	other	way.”

Anne	 motioned	 Sorcha	 to	 continue	 with	 the	 painful	 story.	 “Since	 Ralph

thought	Faith	had	never	written	back,	he	believed	she	was	over	him.	He	met	his

wife	 in	 college.	 She	 came	 from	 a	 wealthy	 family.	 They	 got	 married	 during	 his senior	year.	But	what	was	most	heartbreaking	was	that	Ralph	didn’t	know	Faith

had	gotten	pregnant	with	Hope	on	his	last	visit	back	to	the	Springs.”

Sorcha	 took	 a	 sip	 of	 tea,	 leaving	 a	 smear	 of	 coral	 lipstick	 on	 the	 rim.	 “Of course,	 Faith	 thought	 he	 had	 simply	 stolen	 a	 treasure	 and	 left.	 She	 felt	 he	 had used	her.	She	was	crushed.”

She	took	a	sip	of	the	milk.	“Then	Faith	refused	to	tell	anyone	who	the	father

was.”

“Please	continue,”	Anne	urged.	Maybe	this	story	could	reveal	a	clue.

“Ralph	 didn’t	 live	 here…	 or	 even	 visit	 for	 that	 matter.	 Whenever	 he’d	 say something	about	coming	home,	his	folks	would	always	say	the	timing	was	off.

His	 parents	 would	 always	 go	 to	 visit	 them.	 It’s	 sad	 but	 I	 think	 they	 knew	 that Hope	was	Ralph’s.

“Years	passed.	Ralph	and	his	family	were	in	a	terrible	car	accident.	His	wife

and	teenage	son	were	killed.	Ralph	was	hurt	pretty	badly	and	had	to	go	through

months	of	rehabilitation.	His	parents	urged	him	to	move	home	so	they	could	care

for	him.	I	guess	they	figured	it	had	been	long	enough.

“But	as	soon	as	Ralph	saw	Hope,	he	knew.	He	tried	to	reconcile	with	Faith,

but	she	wouldn’t	have	anything	to	do	with	him.	She	thought	he	had	abandoned

her.	Faith	finally	did	confess	to	him	that	Hope	was	his	daughter.	She	asked	him

why	he	hadn’t	responded	to	her	letters.”	Sorcha	leaned	back	in	her	chair	before

continuing.

“By	 that	 time,	 Hope	 had	 left	 to	 go	 to	 medical	 school.	 She	 thought	 she’d received	a	full	ride	scholarship,	but	Ralph	paid	for	every	bit	of	it.”

Anne	 shook	 her	 head	 at	 the	 injustice	 done	 on	 the	 young	 couple.	 “Wow.

That’s	some	story.	How	do	you	know	all	this?”

Sorcha	stared	pointedly	at	Anne.	“Sometimes	all	you	have	to	do	is	take	the

pieces	and	pull	them	together.”	She	picked	up	a	tapestry	throw	on	the	chair	next

to	her.	She	turned	it	over	and	showed	it	to	Anne.	“On	this	side,	all	you	see	are

the	 threads	 of	 varying	 colors,	 but	 when	 you	 turn	 it	 over,	 the	 pattern	 becomes clear.	 Or”—her	 smile	 widened—“basically,	 wait	 to	 find	 out	 from	 the	 town’s gossip	grapevine.”	She	set	the	tapestry	down	and	continued.

“Ralph	begged	Faith	to	marry	him.	She	refused.	He	tried	to	provide	support, but	 she	 refused	 that	 as	 well.	 She	 also	 forbid	 him	 telling	 Hope	 that	 he	 was	 her father.	 Faith	 did	 finally	 relent	 just	 a	 few	 years	 ago	 and	 told	 Hope.	 Then	 Faith started	exhibiting	early	signs	of	dementia.	So	Hope	moved	back	to	care	for	her

mother.”

She	 paused.	 “But	 old	 hurts	 run	 deep.	 Poor	 Hope	 will	 never	 get	 the	 chance now	to	have	a	relationship	with	her	father.”

“You’re	right.	That’s	just	so	sad.”	Anne	sat	back	in	her	chair.	“So	Faith	never

married?”

“No.”	Sorcha’s	voice	broke.	“And	he	loved	her	until	the	very	end.”

Anne	glanced	down	at	her	now-empty	plate.	What	would	it	be	like	to	have

one	 person	 love	 you	 for	 so	 long	 and	 so	 deeply?	 How	 cruel	 Ralph’s	 father	 had been.

Sorcha	placed	another	cookie	on	Anne’s	plate.	“Please,	have	another	one.	If

not,	then	I’ll	end	up	eating	them	all.”

Missy	 peeked	 her	 head	 around	 the	 corner	 and	 Anne	 finished	 the	 cookie

quickly.	While	she	went	to	the	bathroom	to	wash	her	hands,	the	tea	items	were

removed,	the	table	cleaned,	and	a	pen	provided.	Anne	signed	the	books	placed	in

front	of	her,	with	Missy	affixing	 signed	copy	 stickers.

Anne	 closed	 the	 last	 book.	 “I	 really	 appreciate	 your	 display	 and	 having	 my books	on	hand.	Honestly,	a	bit	surprising	to	see	you	have	so	many.”

“I	ordered	in	for	the	homesteading	fair.	I’m	hoping	to	sell	these	and	then	take

orders	for	the	town	now	that	we	have	an	author	in	our	midst.”	She	winked.

Anne	 rose.	 “Thank	 you	 again	 for	 the	 cookies	 and	 conversation.	 It	 was	 nice visiting	 with	 you,	 Sorcha.	 Missy,	 thank	 you	 for	 all	 your	 hard	 work	 on	 the display.”	The	girl	beamed	with	the	praise.

Sorcha	patted	the	stack	of	books.	“Thank	you	for	signing	these.	Please	stop

in	again.	I	normally	try	to	make	cookies	when	one	of	the	book	clubs	in	town	is

meeting.”

Anne	thanked	the	woman	and	exited	the	shop.	The	bell	over	the	door	jangled

behind	her	as	she	hunched	her	shoulders	and	headed	home.	Thoughts	swirled	in

her	mind.

The	 story	 of	 Ralph’s	 and	 Hope’s	 lives	 had	 certainly	 been	 a	 tragedy.	 Had Faith	ever	told	Hope	that	Ralph	paid	her	way	through	college?	Or	had	she	kept

that	fact	to	herself?	Had	Hope	finally	taken	her	revenge	on	Ralph	for	neglecting

her	and	her	mother	all	those	years?	But	then,	why	wait?	Hope	had	been	back	for

more	than	five	years.	Why	now?





Chapter	Sixteen

A	few	days	after	the	fair	had	concluded,	Anne	went	to	Kandi’s	for	a	visit	where

the	conversation	soon	turned	to	Ralph’s	murder.

“So,	 any	 news?”	 Anne	 scraped	 a	 plate	 into	 Kandi’s	 compost	 bucket	 and

closed	the	lid.

“My	lawyer	says	it’s	going	to	be	a	tough	fight.	It	looks	like	Ralph	definitely

died	from	an	axe	blow.	My	fingerprints	are	on	the	handle	and	it	was	found	in	my

yard.	 Plus,	 my	 DNA	 is	 everywhere	 .	 My	 attorney	 says	 we	 have	 to	 create reasonable	doubt	in	the	jury’s	mind.”

Tears	 pooled	 in	 her	 eyes.	 “I	 don’t	 think	 I’ll	 be	 able	 to	 survive	 in	 prison.	 I didn’t	do	it.	Why	would	I	kill	Ralph?”	A	knot	formed	in	Anne’s	throat	at	seeing

Kandi	 in	 such	 pain.	 She	 needed	 to	 provide	 a	 distraction	 and	 offer	 some	 hope.

“Who	else	may	have	had	it	in	for	Ralph?

Can	you	think	of	anything,	no	matter	how	small,	that	could	lead	to	a	clue?”

“I’ve	 been	 wracking	 my	 brain,	 but	 I	 can’t	 come	 up	 with	 anything.”	 Kandi wiped	her	eyes,	which	now	shone	with	renewed	determination.

“We	just	need	that	one	clue	that	helps	us	figure	everything	out.	So	no	giving

up,	okay?”	Anne	squeezed	the	girl’s	hand.

Kandi	 groaned.	 “Well,	 it	 better	 be	 fast.	 My	 initial	 court	 appearance	 is	 next month.”

Once	 they’d	 finishing	 cleaning	 up,	 Anne	 said	 goodnight	 and	 headed	 home.

She	 walked	 to	 the	 hedge	 that	 divided	 her	 yard	 from	 Ralph’s.	 The	 crime	 scene tape	had	been	removed,	and	she	stared	at	the	area	where	Ralph’s	body	had	been

found.

What	had	happened	here?	Did	Ralph	know	his	killer?	What	were	they	doing

out	in	the	backyard?	Was	the	axe	the	intentional	murder	weapon	or	a	weapon	of

opportunity?

Stewart	stood	the	most	to	gain	from	his	uncle’s	death,	but	she	didn’t	rule	out Jeff	and	his	devious	nature.	Hope	might	have	been	hurt	by	the	man	she’d	found

out	 was	 her	 father,	 but	 was	 it	 enough	 to	 want	 to	 kill	 him?	 Hope	 seemed	 to	 be successful	 and	 financially	 secure,	 but	 she’d	 said	 herself	 that	 Ralph’s	 money would	really	help	with	Faith’s	care.	Faith	was	certainly	too	frail	to	harm	Ralph, and	why	would	she	want	to	do	so	now,	after	all	this	time?	Was	she	upset	Ralph

hadn’t	cared	for	her	and	the	baby?	Most	of	the	possible	suspects	claimed	to	have

been	sleeping	at	the	time	of	the	attack,	but	that	didn’t	mean	anything.	It’s	not	like the	killer	was	going	to	admit	to	having	been	there	that	night.

What	am	I	missing?

A	hand	latched	onto	her	arm.	She	screamed.

“Hey!	Settle	down.”	Sam	laughed.	“It’s	just	me.”

“Are	you	crazy?”	She	punched	him	on	the	arm	and	pulled	free.	“You	scared

me	to	death.”

“What	are	you	doing?	Probably	not	good	to	be	wandering	around	back	here.

You	know	what	they	say	about	the	killer	returning	…wait,	a	minute.”	He	cocked

an	eyebrow	and	grinned	at	her.

“Ha.	Ha.	Very	funny.	Not!	Stewart	beat	you	to	that	old	saying.	I’m	trying	to

help	Kandi.	I	wanted	to	see	if	I	could	think	of	anything.”

“You	need	to	leave	it	to	the	sheriff’s	office.”	His	tone	had	become	serious.

“Did	 someone	 mention	 the	 sheriff?”	 Anne	 and	 Sam	 turned	 to	 see	 Carson

standing	in	a	clump	of	trees.

“Are	you	 spying	 on	me?”	Anne’s	voice	rose.

“I’m	spying—as	you	put	it—on	anyone	who	comes	into	this	yard.	It’s	called

investigative	work.	I	actually	wanted	to	check	out	this	property	boundary	again

to	confirm	if	anyone	entered	or	exited	this	way.”

Anne	 hadn’t	 thought	 of	 that.	 The	 edges	 of	 the	 property	 bordered	 a	 forested area	with	a	seasonal	creek	running	through	it.	The	town	had	wanted	to	preserve

the	 green	 space,	 so	 they’d	 created	 a	 creek-side	 path	 for	 bikers,	 runners,	 and walkers.

Had	the	killer	crept	up	from	the	stream,	killed	Ralph,	and	then	returned	the

same	way?

Anne	shivered.	The	trail	also	wound	around	her	property.	She	looked	beyond

the	hedge	to	the	woods,	dark	and	menacing.	Was	a	serial	killer	on	the	loose	and

she	 the	 next	 victim?	 Her	 mind	 raced	 with	 new	 possibilities	 and	 threats.	 Anne jumped	when	she	turned	back	and	found	Carson	had	walked	up	next	to	them.

His	face	hardened	as	he	glanced	down	at	her.	“This	is	a	formal	investigation.

Do	not,	I	repeat, do	not	 insert	yourself	into	something	you	will	regret.”	He	didn’t wait	for	a	reply,	but	strode	back	toward	the	forest	edge.



“That	man	is	something	else.	Just	who	does	he	think	he	is,	talking	to	me	like

that?”	Anne	bristled.

Sam	laughed.	“You	crack	me	up.	He	 thinks	 he	is	the	law.	Because—he	is!”

He	 turned	 toward	 her.	 “Seriously,	 you	 need	 to	 be	 careful.	 Someone	 murdered Ralph	in	cold	blood.	Stay	out	of	it.”

“Where	 were	 you	 the	 night	 of	 his	 murder?”	 She	 was	 shocked	 to	 hear	 the words	leave	her	mouth.

He	tensed.	“Are	you	kidding	me?	You’re	asking	if	I	murdered	Ralph?”

“Well…I…”	Anne	fidgeted.

“You	 have	 got	 some	 nerve,	 lady.	 No	 wonder	 you	 needed	 to	 change	 your

identity	if	that’s	how	you	treat	people.”

The	words	cut	deeply.	She	threw	her	shoulders	back	and	dared	herself	not	to

cry	 in	 front	 of	 him.	 They	 glared	 at	 one	 another.	 Finally,	 without	 a	 word,	 he turned	and	marched	across	the	yard.

After	 Sam	 rounded	 the	 corner,	 she	 turned	 toward	 her	 house.	 As	 she	 did, something	 in	 the	 compost	 pile	 caught	 her	 eye.	 She	 glanced	 over	 at	 it.	 It	 was something	 tiny	 and	 reddish	 that	 was	 partially	 hidden	 under	 the	 lilac	 bushes.

What	was	it?

Maybe	 she’d	 found	 the	 clue	 she’d	 been	 waiting	 to	 discover.	 She	 advanced toward	it	but	stopped	herself.	She	looked	toward	the	forest.	Carson	stood	there,

watching.

He	must	have	heard	everything. Her	cheeks	reddened	in	embarrassment.

She	glanced	toward	the	compost	pile.	She’d	have	to	come	back	when	Dudley

Do-Right	wasn’t	on	guard.	If	she	went	for	the	object	now,	he	might	confiscate	a

needed	clue.	Because	it	could	be	the	very	thing	that	could	help	Kandi,	she	didn’t want	 to	 take	 the	 chance.	 And	 since	 there	 was	 no	 more	 crime	 scene	 tape,	 she reasoned	it	was	fair	game	and	she	couldn’t	get	in	trouble.

Anne	 crossed	 toward	 the	 opening	 in	 the	 lilacs.	 Carson	 may	 have	 won	 that round,	 but	 it	 only	 served	 to	 make	 her	 more	 determined	 to	 prove	 Kandi’s innocence.

Anne	 awoke	 to	 find	 her	 room	 bathed	 in	 bright	 light.	 She	 pulled	 back	 the curtain	 to	 spy	 a	 layer	 of	 white	 snow	 glistening	 in	 the	 sun. Shoot. While	 she’d read	 Colorado	 could	 be	 notorious	 for	 its	 mood	 swings,	 the	 timing	 of	 this	 snow couldn’t	 be	 more	 frustrating.	 It	 was	 still	 September	 and	 it	 had	 already	 snowed twice.	But	this	time,	almost	a	foot	of	snow	covered	the	ground	and	Anne	had	no

desire	 to	 go	 digging	 in	 snow-covered	 compost	 it	 to	 find	 whatever	 object	 she’d

seen.	With	no	way	to	figure	out	where	it	had	been,	her	search	would	amount	to finding	 a	 needle	 in	 a	 haystack.	 Now	 whatever	 she’d	 seen	 by	 the	 compost	 pile would	be	covered	in	snow	for	at	least	a	few	days.

Bang.

The	intrusion	startled	Anne.	Another	bang.	A	loose	shutter	upstairs?

She	grabbed	a	wool	jacket	from	her	closet	and	put	it	on	over	her	flannel	pj’s.

She	slid	her	feet	out	of	her	slippers	and	into	some	heavier	rain	boots	she	found	in the	 mudroom.	 In	 the	 kitchen	 she	 looked	 longingly	 at	 the	 coffee	 pot,	 but	 she needed	to	get	the	shutter	refastened	before	it	broke.

Remembering	the	back	stairwell	to	be	dimly	lit,	Anne	grabbed	the	flashlight

from	 the	 side	 of	 the	 refrigerator.	 She	 opened	 the	 door	 from	 the	 kitchen	 and started	 up	 the	 wood	 treads,	 well	 worn	 by	 the	 footsteps	 of	 past	 residents.	 Anne reached	 the	 landing	 on	 the	 second	 floor	 and	 spied	 the	 hall	 entry	 door	 with	 the remnants	of	green	baize.	She’d	often	wondered	if	the	original	owners	had	come

from	 England	 and	 determined	 once	 again	 to	 do	 some	 deeper	 research	 on	 the house.

Anne	proceeded	up	a	set	of	narrow	wooden	steps	toward	the	attic.	The	attic

revealed	a	web	of	tiny	rooms.	Here	and	there	boxes	coated	with	dust	sat	stacked

in	the	corners.	The	boxes’	owners,	now	long	gone,	must	have	been	too	tired	to

even	check	the	contents	before	leaving.

Bang.	BANG.

She	moved	toward	the	sound.	Inside	the	room,	a	light	snow	blew	in	from	a

broken	 window.	 Frigid	 air	 enveloped	 the	 room.	 Anne	 headed	 over	 to	 the	 dirt-caked	 window.	 Using	 a	 scrap	 of	 old	 material	 from	 the	 floor,	 she	 wiped	 off	 the primary	panes.

Her	breath	caught	at	the	magnificent	view.	She	could	see	the	entire	park	area,

the	perimeter	of	her	property,	and	over	into	Ralph’s	yard.	She	moved	out	of	that

room	and	went	across	to	the	far	left	room.	Here	the	window	revealed	more	of	the

park	 in	 the	 distance,	 its	 trees	 now	 covered	 in	 a	 beautiful	 snow	 fondant.	 Anne could	also	see	Kandi’s	house	and	garage	area.

She	squinted.

Someone	moved	across	the	yard.	By	the	person’s	size	and	stature,	it	looked

like	Jeff.	Unfortunately,	it	was	difficult	to	tell	for	sure	since	he	had	on	a	heavy coat	and	a	hat	pulled	low	over	his	face.	He	held	something	in	his	hands.	One	of

Kandi’s	chickens?	But	her	coop	was	located	in	the	other	part	of	the	yard.

The	hen	hung	limp	from	the	man’s	arm,	the	long	neck	stretched	away	from

its	 body.	 Was	 the	 chicken’s	 head	 missing?	 Maybe	 he	 had	 dispatched	 a	 chicken for	dinner.	Maybe	a	fox	or	raccoon	had	gotten	to	one	of	the	chickens,	and	Jeff

was	taking	care	of	it	before	Kandi	saw	the	damage.	He	disappeared	around	the

back	of	the	house,	and	Anne	stepped	back	from	the	window.

Since	 the	 shutter	 latch	 had	 broken,	 she	 decided	 to	 close	 the	 shutters	 so	 she could	lock	them.	It	could	save	some	heat	too.	She	opened	the	window	and	closed

the	 shutters	 with	 a	 hook	 and	 a	 board	 that	 pulled	 them	 tight.	 Then	 she	 shut	 and locked	the	window.

She	returned	to	the	other	room	to	close	the	shutters	there.	Glancing	out	the

window,	Anne	spied	the	same	figure	heading	out	of	Ralph’s	yard.	This	time,	his

hands	were	empty.

Maybe	 it	 wasn’t	 Jeff.	 The	 bulky	 coat	 hid	 the	 person’s	 figure	 and	 he	 or	 she wore	a	balaclava	over	their	face,	so	it	could’ve	been	anyone.	It	certainly	wasn’t Kandi	as	the	figure	was	too	tall.

Just	then	the	figure	turned	and	glanced	toward	her	house.	Anne	pulled	back

from	the	window.

Oh,	no.	The	shutters.	I	should	have	left	them	for	later.

Now	he’ll	know	I	saw	him.

The	 figure	 shielded	 his	 eyes	 from	 the	 bright	 snow	 and	 continued	 to	 look toward	her	home.	Anne	took	another	step	back.

Something	moved	behind	her.	A	mouse	shot	across	the	floor.	A	guttural	noise

made	her	turn.	She	screamed	as	the	cat	launched	off	one	of	the	boxes	and	chased

after	 the	 mouse.	 As	 she	 caught	 her	 breath,	 she	 heard	 the	 sound	 of	 heavy	 boots pounding	up	the	stairs.

She	ran	to	the	window.	The	figure	had	disappeared.	Nowhere	to	hide.

Fear	pumped	through	her	veins.

Anne	 searched	 for	 some	 type	 of	 weapon.	 She	 found	 a	 long	 piece	 of

baseboard	coming	apart	from	the	wall.	She	pulled	at	it	and	a	cluster	of	mice	shot out.

She	 screamed	 again.	 Shaking,	 she	 could	 hear	 the	 boots	 running	 down	 the hall.	She	raised	the	stick	of	wood	over	her	head,	ready	to	strike.

“Whoa.”	Sam	held	up	his	hand.	“Careful,	there.”

So	 thankful	 to	 see	 a	 friendly	 face,	 Anne	 broke	 down	 in	 tears	 and	 threw herself	in	his	arms.	Sobbing,	she	buried	her	face	in	his	jacket.	A	mouse	scurried past	with	the	cat	in	hot	pursuit	and	Anne	yelped	again,	her	feet	dancing.

He	hugged	her	to	his	side.	“Hey,	now,	it’s	okay.	They’re	only	mice.	I	thought

someone	 was	 killing	 you	 the	 way	 you	 were	 screaming.”	 He	 took	 her	 wooden weapon	and	threw	it	down	on	the	floor,	raising	a	cloud	of	dust	in	the	air.

After	Anne	regained	her	composure,	the	pair	made	their	way	down	the	stairs.

In	 the	 kitchen,	 Sam	 motioned	 her	 to	 sit	 in	 the	 chair.	 After	 he	 made	 coffee,	 he grabbed	a	nearby	throw	and	rested	it	around	her	shoulders.	Next	he	bent	down	in

front	of	Anne	and	began	rubbing	her	hands	in	his.

“Your	hands	are	like	ice.	It’s	freezing	up	there.	What	were	you	doing	in	the attic	on	such	a	cold	day	anyway?”	He	didn’t	wait	for	an	answer	but	continued,

“Well,	one	good	thing.	I	think	your	mouser	is	having	a	field	day	up	there	right

now.	I	didn’t	know	you	had	a	cat.”

“Kandi	gave	him	to	me.”

“Sweet	girl.	In	this	old	house,	you’re	going	to	want	a	cat.	The	place	had	been

empty	 so	 long	 that	 I’m	 sure	 there	 are	 quite	 a	 few	 nests	 around.”	 He	 excused himself	from	the	kitchen.	When	he	returned,	he	held	a	bag.	He	extracted	a	bottle

of	brandy.

Even	 with	 the	 coat	 on,	 she	 shivered	 and	 pulled	 the	 quilt	 tighter.	 He	 poured some	 coffee	 and	 cream	 into	 a	 mug	 and	 added	 a	 generous	 capful	 of	 brandy.	 He handed	the	cup	to	Anne.	“Here.	Drink	this.	Old	Victorian	remedy	for	shock.	It’s

really	supposed	to	be	in	tea,	but	this	works	too.”

She	took	a	sip	of	the	coffee.	The	heat	trickled	down	her	throat	and	the	brandy

created	 warmth	 in	 her	 chest.	 She	 sighed.	 “Sorry	 about	 that.	 I	 just	 thought	 you were—	”

“Listen.	I	wanted	to	stop	by	and	apologize.	I	was	rude,	and	I	shouldn’t	have

said	what	I	did	last	night.”	Sam	scooted	a	chair	back	from	the	table	and	sat.

“Thank	you.	I’m	sorry	about	it	too.”	“Friends	again?”

“Friends.”	She	smiled	at	him.

He	 shrugged	 out	 of	 his	 jacket	 and	 poured	 himself	 a	 cup	 of	 coffee	 sans brandy.

“No	Victorian	remedy	for	you?”	she	quipped.

“As	 much	 as	 I’d	 like	 to,	 I’m	 on	 duty.	 I	 keep	 it	 in	 my	 car	 in	 case	 I	 come across	 someone	 who’s	 experienced	 a	 shock.	 Though	 you	 never	 heard	 me	 say that.”	He	winked.	“So	what	happened?”

“There	was	a	shutter	banging	upstairs.	I	went	up	there	and	saw…someone	in

Ralph’s	 yard.	 I	 stepped	 back	 and	 must	 have	 disturbed	 a	 mouse.	 Then	 the	 cat sprang	 at	 me	 from	 a	 box.	 It	 scared	 me	 so	 I	 yelled,	 and	 then	 you	 came	 running and	I	thought…”	She	caught	herself	from	breaking	into	more	sobs.

“Hey,	 slow	 down.	 It’s	 okay.”	 He	 stood	 up	 and	 grabbed	 his	 jacket	 off	 the hook.	“I’m	going	to	go	take	a	look	around.	Be	back	in	a	minute.”

Anne	nodded.	The	hot	coffee	and	brandy	soothed	her	mind	and	body.

In	a	few	minutes,	Sam	returned.	“I	went	over	to	Ralph’s	and	also	scoped	out

your	yard.	No	one	there.	But	I	did	see	footprints.”	His	face	turned	serious.	“You need	to	report	this	to	the	sheriff.”

“Report	what?”	Anne	set	her	cup	on	the	table.

“It	may	have	been	the	killer	returning	to	the	crime	scene.	Did	you	see	who	it

was?”

“No.	 I	 couldn’t	 tell.	 I	 don’t	 know.	 I	 could	 just	 be	 imagining	 things	 with	 all that’s	been	going	on.”	She	pulled	the	quilt	tighter.

“That	 could	 be	 true,	 but	 you	 need	 to	 report	 it.	 I	 went	 ahead	 and	 radioed Carson.”

“You	what?	I	don’t	need—”

Her	sentence	was	interrupted	by	a	knock	on	the	back	door.

Sam	 opened	 the	 door.	 “Hey,	 Carson.	 That	 was	 quick.”	 He	 turned	 to	 Anne.

“I’ve	 got	 to	 go.	 I	 just	 wanted	 to	 stop	 by	 …and	 anyway,	 I’ll	 call	 later.”	 He grabbed	his	coat	and	when	he	did,	a	black	balaclava	fell	out	of	the	pocket.

Scooping	it	up,	he	smiled.	“I’ll	need	this	on	a	day	like	today.	Sheriff.”	With	a

quick	wave,	he	left	the	pair.

Sheriff	Carson	pulled	off	his	brown	gloves.	“So	what	seems—”

“Please	 take	 off	 your	 coat	 and	 hat.	 Would	 you	 like	 a	 cup	 of	 coffee?”	 Anne motioned	to	her	mug.

“I’ve	learned	to	never	turn	down	a	cup	of	coffee.”	He	hung	his	Stetson	on	a

hook	and	then	shrugged	out	of	his	bulky	jacket.	As	she	moved	to	the	counter,	she

could	see	that	he	towered	above	her	in	height.	His	shirt	sleeves	strained	against his	 muscles,	 evidence	 of	 hours	 spent	 weight-lifting.	 Criminals	 would	 be	 ill-advised	to	try	to	take	him	on	in	a	fight.

Anne	 filled	 a	 mug	 and	 sat	 it	 on	 the	 table.	 “Sit	 down.	 Please.”	 He	 ran	 his fingers	through	his	jet	black	hair	but	Anne	noticed	a	hint	of	silver	threads	were already	appearing.	He	took	the	chair	facing	the	doors.	Pulling	out	a	pad	from	his pocket,	he	clicked	a	pen	and	began	to	write.

The	 coffee	 sloshed	 and	 spilled	 onto	 her	 jacket,	 reminding	 Anne	 what	 she wore. Oh,	geez.	Does	this	man	always	have	to	see	me	looking	horrible?

She	set	her	cup	down.	“If	it’s	okay,	can	you	excuse	me	for	a	minute?”

When	he	nodded	his	assent,	she	went	to	her	room	and	changed	into	jeans	and

a	peacock	blue	sweater	before	quickly	brushing	her	hair	and	teeth.	She	washed

her	face	and	put	on	some	lavender	lotion.	She	returned	to	the	kitchen.

Carson	set	down	the	brandy	Sam	had	left	behind.	“A	bit	early,	isn’t	it?”	He

nodded	toward	the	brandy.

Anne	 bristled. Does	 he	 think	 I’m	 a	 drunk? “I’ll	 have	 you	 know	 that	 Sam brought	 that	 in	 and	 put	 some	 in	 my	 coffee.	 And	 you	 know	 what?	 I’m	 an	 adult woman.	If	I	want	to	drink	brandy,	I’ll	drink	it	anytime	I	damn	well	please.”	She

crossed	her	arms	over	her	chest.

A	smirk	played	around	his	lips.

Oh,	this	man.	Why	am	I	even	explaining	anything	to	him?

He	 looked	 her	 up	 and	 down.	 “Yes,	 you’re	 definitely	 an	 adult	 woman.	 And yes,	 you	 may	 drink	 as	 long	 as	 it	 doesn’t	 violate	 the	 law.	 I	 just	 wanted	 to

understand	 your	 capabilities	 on	 seeing	 someone	 in	 Ralph’s	 yard.”	 He	 took	 a huge	swig	of	coffee.

Did	he	just	check	me	out?	No	way.	Seriously?

“My	 capabilities	 are	 fine.	 See?”	 She	 stood	 and	 touched	 her	 nose	 with	 the forefinger	of	each	hand.	Then	she	stood	on	one	foot.	She	was	very	pleased	with

herself	 until	 her	 ankle	 bent	 and	 she	 lost	 her	 balance.	 Carson	 moved	 quickly before	she	hit	the	table.	Cocooned	in	his	strong	arms,	she	managed	a	shaky,	“I’m

fine.	Let	me	go.”

He	 quickly	 set	 her	 up	 on	 her	 feet.	 He	 gazed	 down	 at	 her.	 Neither	 of	 them moved.

He	 broke	 the	 moment.	 “I’m	 going	 up	 there	 to	 get	 a	 glimpse	 of	 what	 you think	you	saw.”

“I’m	coming	too!	And	it	wasn’t	what	I	think	I	saw.	I	saw	him!”	Anne	ran	and

grabbed	 the	 coat	 from	 her	 bed.	 “Okay,	 but	 you	 stay	 out	 of	 my	 way,”	 he	 yelled down	the	stairs.

“I’ll	 not	 be	 ordered	 around	 in	 my	 own	 home,”	 she	 retorted.	 She	 rushed	 up the	stairs	and	they	climbed	to	the	attic.	They	entered	the	room	where	she’d	seen

the	person	in	Ralph’s	yard.

“I	was	closing	up	the	shutters	in	this	room	when	this	all	began.”

As	 they	 moved	 closer	 to	 the	 windows,	 the	 kitten	 jumped	 from	 an	 adjacent box	and	dropped	a	mouse	at	Anne’s	feet.	She	then	noticed	a	bunch	of	dead	mice

in	a	pile	in	the	corner.

“Gross,”	she	moaned.

The	 police	 chief	 reached	 down	 and	 picked	 up	 the	 cat,	 which	 immediately started	purring.	“Good	cat.”	He	turned	to	Anne.	“What’s	its	name?”

“Mouser”	came	out	of	her	mouth	before	she	thought	about	it.

“Well,	 he’s	 certainly	 that.”	 Carson	 stroked	 the	 cat’s	 fur	 with	 his	 left	 hand.

Anne	noticed	a	faint	band	of	white	against	the	tanned	skin.

Not	married.	Divorced	probably,	and	no	wonder.	The	man	is	infuriating!

He	set	the	cat	down	and	strode	purposefully	to	the	window.

“Wow.	Some	view	from	up	here.”	She	joined	him.	“Yes.	It’s	really	nice.”	“So

where	did	you	see	the	unsub?”	“Unsub?”	Anne	repeated.

He	looked	down	at	her.	“Unidentified	subject.”

She	pointed	to	Ralph’s	yard.	He	bent	closer	and	glanced	out	the	window.

“Okay.	 I’m	 going	 to	 make	 some	 notes	 and	 then	 let’s	 get	 back	 down	 to	 the kitchen	where	it’s	warmer.”

As	 he	 wrote,	 Anne	 opened	 the	 box	 closest	 to	 her.	 Bits	 and	 pieces	 from	 a teenager’s	 room	 from	 days	 past.	 Some	 records,	 posters,	 a	 bunch	 of	 costume jewelry,	 and	 old	 tie-	 dyed	 tees	 and	 jeans.	 Tentatively,	 she	 reached	 inside.	 Anne

pulled	out	a	book	from	the	Nancy	Drew	series.	She	held	it	up.	From	behind,	she heard	him	chuckle.

“What	else? The	Secret	in	the	Old	Attic	.”

Clutching	 it	 in	 her	 hand,	 she	 moved	 past	 him	 and	 down	 the	 stairs	 to	 the kitchen.

Back	 downstairs,	 Carson	 held	 his	 notepad.	 “Anything	 else	 you	 want	 to	 tell me?”

Should	I	tell	him	about	Jeff?	Or	was	it	Jeff?	What	about	the	dead	chicken?

That	could	mean	nothing.	No.	Better	to	talk	with	Kandi	first.

“Nope.	That’s	everything.”

He	 stared	 at	 her	 for	 a	 long	 time.	 His	 piercing	 gaze	 and	 midnight	 blue	 eyes probably	made	many	people	confess	to	crimes	they	hadn’t	committed.	He	knew

she	was	holding	something	back.	Finally,	she	broke	eye	contact	and	pretended	to

inspect	the	book	she’d	found.

“Okay.	 You	 think	 of	 anything	 else	 you	 want	 to	 tell	 me,	 let	 me	 know.”	 He pushed	his	arms	into	the	sleeves	of	his	heavy	coat	and	placed	his	hat	on	his	head.

“Thanks	for	the	coffee.”

As	she	let	him	out	the	front	door,	he	left	a	strange	absence	in	his	wake.

She	cleaned	up	the	coffee	cups	and	thought	about	her	next	steps.	She	needed

to	 speak	 to	 Kandi.	 From	 her	 window,	 she	 saw	 someone	 headed	 up	 her	 back porch.	 A	 frantic	 Hope	 knocked	 on	 the	 door	 and	 didn’t	 wait	 for	 Anne	 to	 speak.

“It’s	Mom.	I	can’t	find	her.	I	was	at	Kandi’s	going	over	the	fair	proceeds	and	she must	have	slipped	out.	She	doesn’t	have	a	coat	on.	Please,	I	need	some	help	to

search	for	her.”

“Of	course,	I’ll	help.	Back	in	jiff.”	Anne	swung	a	scarf	over	her	coat,	ran	to

the	mudroom,	and	unearthed	a	hat	and	gloves.

They	hurried	out	to	the	yard	and	set	off	toward	the	forest.	Hope	pointed.	“I

saw	 some	 tracks	 going	 this	 way,	 but	 since	 it’s	 still	 snowing,	 they’re	 being covered	so	fast.”	Yelling	for	Faith	as	they	moved,	their	voices	echoed	across	the yards.	Even	with	the	light	snow,	the	exertion	brought	sweat	to	Anne’s	brow	and

her	sweater	stuck	to	her	back.

“Hope,	 I	 think	 we	 need	 more	 help.	 Let’s	 get	 more	 people	 involved	 in	 the search.”

The	 usually	 cheerful	 woman	 nodded	 solemnly.	 They	 headed	 back	 up	 from

the	creek	path.	The	women	spotted	a	light	glowing	in	Ralph’s	kitchen.	Moving

up	 onto	 the	 porch,	 Anne	 glanced	 through	 the	 windows	 and	 saw	 Faith	 sitting	 at the	table	drinking	from	a	cup.

Hope	gasped	and	pushed	through	the	door.	Her	mother	smiled.	“Hello.	Do	I

know	you?	I’m	cold.	Can	you	start	a	fire	for	me?”

Hope	removed	her	coat	and	placed	it	over	her	mother’s	shoulders.

“I	tried	to	get	Ralph	to	do	it,	but	he	won’t	answer	me.	I	keep	waiting,	but	he

hasn’t	 come	 yet.	 He’s	 going	 to	 marry	 me,	 you	 know.	 He	 said	 so.”	 The	 old woman	pulled	at	Hope’s	hands.	“Will	you	help	me?”

“Of	course,	Mama.	I’ll	help	you.”	Hope	patted	her	mother’s	hands.

They	gathered	the	frail	woman	between	them	and	walked	to	the	front	door.

Hope	 ran	 across	 to	 Kandi’s	 to	 retrieve	 her	 car,	 and	 Anne	 helped	 place	 Faith	 in the	car.	Pushing	her	felt	hat	back	low	over	her	ears	and	pulling	her	coat	collar	up, Anne	hurried	back	inside	Ralph’s	house.	She	locked	the	front	door	and	turned	to

depart	out	the	back.

As	she	walked	down	the	hall	and	past	the	cased	opening	to	the	dining	room,

a	 figure	 burst	 from	 the	 room	 and	 grabbed	 onto	 her	 coat.	 In	 her	 attempt	 to	 get away,	the	pair	fell	in	a	heap	to	the	floor.	She	hit	out	at	her	masked	attacker,	but Anne	was	no	match	for	his	strength.	Fear	pumped	through	her.	She	struggled	to

crawl	away	toward	the	living	room.

He	grabbed	her.	The	man	grunted,	“You’re	not	getting	away.”





Chapter	Seventeen

Anne	kicked	and	punched	in	a	desperate	attempt	to	free	herself.

“I	have	you	now,”	the	man	in	the	ski	mask	growled.

He	pushed	her	down	on	her	back.

Her	 hands	 flailed	 out,	 searching.	 Her	 hand	 landed	 on	 a	 piece	 of	 firewood.

Anne	 screamed	 loudly	 and	 with	 all	 the	 strength	 she	 could	 muster,	 brought	 the wood	down	on	her	attacker’s	head.

As	the	man	fell,	Anne	pushed	him	away.	She	struggled	to	her	feet.	Moving

away	from	her	attacker,	she	pulled	her	shaking	body	to	a	standing	position.

The	man	tried	to	rise.

Anne	 picked	 up	 another	 piece	 of	 wood.	 She	 clutched	 it	 in	 both	 hands,

swaying	back	and	forth.	“Don’t	move!”	She	held	it	up	over	her	head,	readying

for	another	attack.	A	banging	on	the	front	door	caught	her	attention.

Holding	 the	 wood	 like	 a	 sword	 Anne	 backed	 out	 of	 the	 room.	 Kandi,	 Jeff, and	a	few	of	the	other	neighbors	stood	at	the	front	door.	Kandi	spoke,	“We	were

outside	shoveling	snow	and	heard	screaming.	What’s	happening?”

“I	 was	 attacked.	 I	 think	 I	 caught	 the	 killer.”	 She	 motioned	 into	 the	 living room.	 Jeff	 peered	 around	 the	 doorjamb,	 while	 the	 others	 hung	 back.	 Curiosity seekers,	 though	 Anne	 could	 see	 that	 one	 person	 had	 pulled	 out	 their	 phone, hopefully	calling	9-1-1.

Jeff	entered	the	hallway	and	stood	facing	the	man.

With	a	quick	jerk,	he	yanked	the	ski	mask	off.

Stewart!

He	moaned	and	put	his	hand	back	up	to	his	head.	When	Stewart	pulled	his

hand	away,	his	fingers	were	smeared	in	red.

A	 familiar	 deep	 voice	 carried	 from	 the	 front	 porch.	 “Step	 aside.	 Let	 me through.”	 Sheriff	 Carson	 strode	 inside.	 Anne	 still	 clutched	 the	 wood	 over

Stewart,	who	held	a	hand	to	his	head.

“Busy	morning?”	Carson	said	to	her.	“I’ll	take	that.”	He	motioned	for	her	to

give	him	the	wood.	She	handed	it	over	and	he	set	it	next	to	the	door	jamb	inside

the	room.

Stewart	dragged	himself	over	to	the	sofa	and	rested	against	the	front.	“I	want

her	arrested!	She	assaulted	me.”

Anne	bristled.	“I	assaulted	 you?	You	came	after	me.”

Carson	 interrupted.	 “Okay,	 let’s	 calm	 down.	 I’ll	 listen	 to	 both	 sides.”	 He motioned	for	the	others	to	go	outside	and	give	their	statements	to	the	attending

officer.	 Returning	 his	 attention	 to	 the	 pair,	 he	 nodded	 “Let’s	 start	 with	 you, Stewart.”

“I	found	 that	woman—	he	pointed	at	Anne —	inside	my	uncle’s	house.	I	went to	grab	her	and	she	attacked	me.”

“See,	 he	 admits	 to	 grabbing	 me.”	 She	 ignored	 Carson’s	 motion	 to	 be	 quiet.

“Plus,	why	are	you	wearing	a	ski	mask,	Stewart?”

“I’ll	ask	the	 questions,	Ms.	Freemont.”	 The	sheriff	motioned	 for	Stewart	 to

carry	on.

“I	was	cross-country	skiing	on	the	park	trail.	I	got	up	to	my	uncle’s	property

and	thought	I	saw	movement	in	the	house.	I	know	some	teens	have	been	inside

in	the	past.	They	left	a	mess.	I	wanted	to	catch	them	before	they	ruined	anything else.	I	took	off	my	skis	and	crept	in	through	the	kitchen.”

The	 sheriff	 spoke	 to	 the	 deputy	 and	 lieutenant	 that	 had	 joined	 them.	 “Go check	out	the	path	and	see	if	you	can	find	those	skis.”

Anne	 opened	 her	 mouth	 to	 speak,	 but	 Carson	 held	 up	 his	 gloved	 hand	 in	 a stop	motion.	He	turned	to	Stewart.	“Continue.”

“Then	 I	 got	 to	 thinking.	 Maybe	 the	 killer	 had	 come	 back,	 or	 someone	 was trying	 to	 rob	 my	 uncle’s	 place.	 Once	 inside,	 I	 saw	 a	 figure	 in	 the	 hallway.

Looked	like	a	teen	boy.”

Anne	harrumphed.	A	teen	boy?	Really?

Stewart	pointed.	“She	was	at	the	front	door.	Hat	pulled	down	over	their	eyes,

coat	pulled	up.	Suspicious,	for	sure.	I	went	around	through	the	dining	room	and

came	 up	 behind	 them.	 That’s	 when	 he—she—started	 back	 toward	 the	 kitchen, and	I	grabbed	her.”

“See,	see.	He	admits	it.	He	grabbed	me!”	Anne	raised	her	hands	in	triumph.

“Yes,	 I	 grabbed	 you,	 but	 then	 you	 went	 all	 nuts	 and	 started	 attacking	 me.

Then	she	caused	me	to	fall—”

“You	caused	 me	 to	fall!”	She	stamped	her	foot.

“Ms.	Freemont.”	The	chief	pointed	to	a	chair.	“Sit.”	After	Anne	took	a	seat,

Carson	spoke.	“You	will	get	your	turn.	But	for	now	you	will	remain	silent.	Am	I

clear?”	After	a	stern	look	from	him,	Anne	crossed	her	arms	and	clenched	her	lips tightly	together.

Carson	motioned	to	Stewart.	“Continue.”

“Um…so	next	thing	I	know,	I’m	being	kicked	and	bitten,	so	I	tried	to	get	on

top	 and	 hold	 her	 hands	 down.	 But	 she	 got	 hold	 of	 that	 wood	 and	 hit	 me.”	 He held	out	his	hand	to	show	the	blood	on	it.	“I’m	the	victim	here!”

“Thank	 you.”	 Carson	 turned.	 “Now,	 Ms.	 Freemont,	 do	 you	 want	 to	 share

your	side	of	story?”

Anne	 launched	 into	 the	 hunt	 for	 Faith	 and	 how	 they	 had	 found	 her	 in	 the kitchen.	“I	was	only	locking	up	the	front	door.	I	thought	you	were	the	person	I

saw	in	the	yard	this	morning.”

“What	person?”	a	chorus	of	voices	echoed.	She	looked	up	to	see	Kandi,	Jeff,

and	a	few	others	had	returned	and	stood	in	the	entry	hall	off	the	living	room.

Stewart	spoke	first.	“You	saw	someone	on	the	property?	Who	was	it?”

Anne	sighed.	“I	didn’t	get	a	good	look.”

She	 glanced	 over	 to	 see	 Jeff’s	 shoulders	 relaxing.	 He	 bent	 down	 and

whispered	something	to	Kandi,	who	nodded.	Clearing	his	throat	to	get	attention,

he	said,	“Sheriff	Carson,	am	I	free	to	go?	I’ve	got	work	to	do.”

“Yes.	 You	 can	 go.	 If	 I	 have	 any	 questions,	 I	 know	 where	 to	 find	 you.”	 He turned	back	to	Stewart.	“Mr.	Rogers,	what	would	you	like	to	do?”

“I	told	you.	I	want	you	to	arrest	her!”	He	pointed	at	Anne.

“Arrest	 me?	 For	 what?”	 She	 rose	 out	 of	 her	 chair.	 “I	 was	 only	 defending myself!”

Stewart	ticked	off	the	words	with	his	fingers.	“Trespassing.	Assault.	Property

damage.”

The	 chief	 nodded	 at	 his	 deputy,	 who	 pulled	 his	 cuffs	 from	 his	 belt,	 and headed	toward	Anne.	The	deputy	intoned,	“You	have	the	right…”

“You’ve	got	to	be	kidding	me!”	She	backed	toward	the	wall.

The	 deputy	 continued,	 “…to	 remain	 silent.	 Anything	 you	 say	 can	 and	 will be…”

“Are	you	serious?	You’re	arresting	me?”	Anne	hated	hearing	the	plea	in	her

voice.

“I	didn’t	break	in.	The	door	was	open.”

“Do	 you	 have	 the	 right	 to	 be	 in	 this	 house?”	 Carson	 regarded	 her	 with	 a stare.

“Well,	I…”	Anne	fought	back	tears.

The	deputy’s	word’s	 cut	through	the	 clutter	of	the	 moment	“…used	against

you…”	The	words	faded	as	she	felt	her	arm	being	pulled	back	and	the	snap	of

cuffs	on	her	wrists.

Stunned,	 Anne	 faced	 Stewart,	 and	 a	 burst	 of	 anger	 hit	 her.	 “Oh,	 so	 this	 is how	 it	 is.	 I	 hope	 you’re	 happy	 now.	 You	 probably	 killed	 your	 uncle,	 and	 now you’re	trying	to	divert	suspicion.”

Stewart	 jumped	 to	 his	 feet.	 “Why,	 you	 little—”	 He	 fell	 back	 into	 the	 chair, grasping	his	head	with	both	hands.

Anne	 stuck	 out	 her	 tongue	 at	 him.	 It	 was	 juvenile,	 but	 she	 felt	 better.	 Until she	saw	the	sheriff‘s	gaze	on	her.

Luckily,	she	wouldn’t	have	to	bear	more	of	his	wrath	as	medics	had	arrived

and	set	to	work	on	Stewart’s	wound.

She	debated	whether	she	was	sorry	he	was	hurt	or	if	she	felt	he	had	gotten

his	just	desserts	for	attacking	her.

With	the	sheriff	holding	her	upper	arm,	the	two	headed	toward	the	front	door.

She	 moaned	 when	 she	 spied	 the	 media	 van	 parked	 on	 the	 street.	 When	 the reporter	 caught	 sight	 of	 Anne,	 she	 seized	 the	 photojournalist,	 who	 started capturing	Anne’s	shame	for	the	entire	world.

Anne	tried	to	turn	away	but	was	restrained	by	the	deputy	from	behind.	She

gazed	imploringly	up	at	the	sheriff.

Carson	took	her	coat	and	placed	it	over	her	head.	“Keep	watching	my	boots,”

he	murmured.

She	 nodded	 and	 choked	 back	 a	 sob.	 Ignoring	 the	 barrage	 of	 questions,	 she put	one	foot	in	front	of	the	other	until	they	reached	the	patrol	car.	At	the	vehicle door,	she	felt	a	pressure	on	her	head	as	she	was	lowered	into	the	back	seat.

Tears	 dripped	 from	 her	 eyes	 down	 her	 cheeks. This	 was	 supposed	 to	 be	 a new	start.	A	great	place.	Instead,	I	find	a	dead	body,	tick	off	the	only	real	friend	I have	in	this	town,	and	now	I’m	going	to	jail	for	assault.

As	soon	as	they	were	away	from	the	cameras	and	the	neighborhood,	the	car’s

tires	crunched	on	gravel	as	it	came	to	a	stop.	Her	door	was	opened	and	the	coat

was	removed.	Pulling	a	handkerchief	from	his	back	pocket,	the	chief	wiped	her

eyes,	 and	 then	 her	 nose.	 He	 then	 shut	 the	 door	 and	 moved	 back	 around	 to	 the driver’s	seat.	He	got	on	the	radio.	“Thelma,	is	there	a	white	van	out	front	of	the station?”

The	woman	came	back	with	an	affirmative.

Oh,	great.	I	get	to	walk	the	gauntlet	twice.

Their	 eyes	 met	 in	 the	 rearview	 mirror.	 “Don’t	 worry.	 We	 have	 a	 back	 way where	we	take	prisoners	into	the	jail	area.”

She	muttered	under	her	breath,	“Wonderful.”

“I	could	always	take	you	in	the	front	if	you	prefer.”	She	noticed	the	crinkles

at	the	edges	of	his	eyes.

He	must	be	getting	a	kick	out	of	this.	She	wished	she	could	say	something,

but	she	knew	when	she’d	been	beaten.	“No,	no.	That’s	fine.	Thank	you.”

When	 they	 arrived	 at	 the	 station,	 he	 ushered	 her	 into	 a	 dull	 room	 of	 metal desks	and	khaki-colored	walls.	Two	cells	sat	over	to	the	side.	She	shivered	at	the sight	 of	 them,	 recalling	 her	 visit	 with	 Kandi.	 The	 cuffs	 were	 removed	 and	 she rubbed	her	arms	to	get	the	circulation	flowing.

“Take	a	seat.”	He	motioned	to	her	while	he	hung	up	his	hat	and	coat.

She	slumped	into	the	chair,	the	hard,	cold	metal	frame	chilling	her	back.

Carson	pulled	out	a	bunch	of	forms	and	set	them	on	his	desk.

A	 woman,	 around	 eighty,	 entered	 the	 room.	 She	 wore	 a	 loud	 polyester	 top and	 slacks	 with	 a	 crease	 sewn	 down	 the	 front.	 Her	 white-gray	 permed	 hair formed	 a	 halo	 of	 tight	 curls	 around	 her	 face.	 She	 wore	 bright	 red	 lipstick	 that crept	past	her	upper	lip	and	melded	into	a	light	mustache.

Anne	instinctively	felt	this	was	a	woman	you	didn’t	mess	with.

“Carson,	 I	 told	 that	 woman	 she	 had	 to	 move	 the	 van	 or	 be	 ticketed	 for loitering.	They’re	gone.”

“Thanks,	Thelma.”	He	scooted	his	chair	closer	to	the	desk.

The	 woman	 smiled	 at	 him,	 then	 turned	 to	 Anne.	 Her	 face	 took	 on	 a	 scowl, and	she	looked	down	her	nose	at	Anne.

Anne	instinctively	tightened	her	arms.

Carson	 glanced	 up.	 “You	 can	 go	 now.”	 She	 retreated,	 leaving	 a	 floral

reminder	of	White	Shoulders	perfume.

He	 sighed.	 “I	 could	 use	 something	 to	 drink.	 How	 ’bout	 you?”	 She	 nodded and	rubbed	her	hands	up	and	down	her	arms	again.	He	went	to	a	refrigerator	in	a

little	 kitchen	 area	 off	 the	 back.	 “Not	 much	 in	 here.	 Some	 juice,	 a	 few	 sodas, water.”

“Just	 some	 water,	 please.”	 He	 grabbed	 a	 paper	 cup	 and	 poured	 some	 water from	 a	 canister	 he’d	 pulled	 from	 the	 fridge.	 He	 handed	 the	 water	 to	 her,	 then popped	open	a	can	of	grapefruit	juice,	which	he	guzzled.

“Are	you	going	to	book	me?	Am	I	going	to	get	fingerprinted	or	…or	…”—

she	gulped—“…searched?”

“We’re	a	small	operation.	I’ve	worked	this	town	for	more	than	twenty	years.

We’ll	give	it	fifteen	more	minutes.”

Curious,	she	said,	“Fifteen	more	minutes?”

“Yep.”

Fifteen	minutes	for	what?

He	 leaned	 his	 chair	 back	 until	 he	 was	 balancing	 on	 two	 legs.	 They	 sat	 and stared	at	one	another.	Her	gaze	took	in	the	room.	The	seconds	on	the	wall	clock

ticked	loudly	in	the	silence.

“Is	it	okay	if	I	get	up?”

“Nope.”

“Okay,	then.”	She	folded	her	hands	in	her	lap	and	started	picking	at	her	nails.

Minutes	ticked	by.	He	stared.	She	fidgeted.

When	the	phone	rang,	it	clamored	so	loudly	that	it	caught	Anne	by	surprise.

The	 sheriff’s	 chair	 fell	 back	 on	 all	 four	 legs.	 “Sheriff	 Carson	 speaking.	 …Uh, huh.	Yes…	Yes…No…

Certainly…Will	 do.	 Thanks	 for	 calling.”	 He	 set	 the	 phone	 receiver	 back	 in the	cradle.

“Okay,	you’re	free	to	go.”	He	motioned.	“I	…I	can	go?	Just	like	that?”

“Yep.”	He	put	the	papers	back	in	the	drawer.

“Why?”	She	jumped	up,	happy	to	be	free	of	the	cold	metal.	A	burden	lifted.

“Stewart	dropped	the	charges.	He	realizes	now	that	you	weren’t	breaking	in

and	were	just	trying	to	protect	yourself.”

“I	was.	I	wouldn’t	have	hit	him	if	I	hadn’t	thought	he	was	trying	to	kill	me.”

He	retrieved	a	file	and	set	it	on	his	desk.

He	 looked	 up	 at	 her.	 “Here’s	 the	 thing.	 I	 don’t	 like	 paperwork.	 You’re making	a	whole	heck	of	a	lot	of	paperwork	for	me.	Don’t	do	it	again.”

“I	don’t	intend	to.”	Anne	waited	for	the	all-clear.	“Good.”	He	stood.	“Need

me	to	call	someone?”

Maybe	he	was	okay	after	all.	“No	thanks.	I	think	I’ll	go	check	on	Hope	and

Faith	while	I’m	in	town.”

He	nodded	and	sat	back	down	at	his	desk.

Just	as	she	reached	the	door,	he	called	out,	“Hey,	Nancy.	Stay	out	of	attics.”

Oh,	how	she	wished	she	could	wipe	that	smirk	off	his	face.	She	bit	back	her

reply	and	made	sure	she	slammed	the	door	behind	her.





Chapter	Eighteen

Back	 at	 home,	 Anne	 made	 a	 hot	 cup	 of	 tea.	 It	 had	 been	 a	 crazy	 day	 and	 she needed	to	find	some	calm	and	some	clarity.	Taking	her	tea	into	the	living	room,

she	 kindled	 a	 fire	 in	 the	 fireplace.	 Once	 the	 room	 was	 nice	 and	 toasty,	 Anne pulled	up	the	armchair	so	she	could	rest	her	feet	on	the	hearth.	She	thought	back to	Sorcha’s	mention	of	the	threads.	There	were	a	lot	of	threads	but	no	discernible pattern,	 at	 least	 that	 she	 could	 see.	 Now	 with	 the	 fire	 dying,	 Anne	 rose	 and headed	to	the	dining	room	where	she	assembled	the	items	she’d	picked	up	at	the

local	craft	store.	She	got	ready	to	set	up	her	mind	map.	She	attached	paper	from

a	drawing	pad	to	the	wall	with	shipping	tape.	With	the	wall	covered	in	paper,	she grabbed	the	other	items	she’d	purchased—a	set	of	markers,	push	pens,	some	red

yarn,	and	some	yellow	yarn.

Okay.	Where	to	begin?	The	actual	murder.

Anne	drew	a	circle	in	the	middle	of	the	white	paper	with	Ralph’s	name	in	the

center.	 Off	 to	 the	 left,	 she	 drew	 another	 circle.	 Inside	 it,	 she	 wrote	 Kandi.	 She connected	 the	 lines	 with	 another	 marker	 and	 wrote	 on	 top	 of	 the	 line

“Neighbors.”	 Underneath	 she	 wrote	 the	 word	 “Motive”	 and	 a	 question	 mark.

Then	she	created	a	list.

Number	one.	Threat	of	chickens	being	killed.

Number	two.	Wanting	to	expand	her	property	by	buying	Ralph	out.

Number	three.

Hmmmm.	Nothing.	Anne	drew	a	series	of	question	marks.

Mouser	appeared	in	the	doorway.	She	picked	up	the	kitten.	“You	know	what,

Mouser?	 Finding	 the	 killer	 sure	 seems	 easier	 in	 books	 or	 movies.”	 She	 stroked the	kitten,	who	responded	with	a	growing	purr.

Anne	 sighed.	 No	 other	 motive	 came	 to	 mind	 for	 Kandi.	 Okay,	 dead	 end.

Next.	She	set	the	kitten	down	on	the	floor.	He	stretched	and	then	grabbed	at	an

errant	strand	from	a	ball	of	yarn.

Anne	drew	smaller	circles	close	to	Ralph’s	circle.	One	circle	for	Stewart	with

a	notation	of	nephew	in	parenthesis.	Another	circle	for	Faith	(lost	love).	And	one for	Hope	(daughter).	She	listed	the	various	motives	Stewart	or	Hope	had	to	kill

Ralph.	Anne	stepped	back	from	the	wall.

Wait	a	minute.

If	 Hope	 was	 Ralph’s	 daughter,	 then	 she	 would	 be	 his	 rightful	 heir,	 not Stewart.	 Stewart	 said	 he	 got	 part	 of	 the	 property,	 but	 it	 was	 probably	 a	 much smaller	portion	than	Hope’s.	That	would	mean	that	Stewart	really	had	a	smaller

motive	to	kill	Ralph,	whereas	it	increased	Hope’s	motive	due	to	Faith’s	declining health.	 Anne	 went	 back	 to	 the	 table	 and	 opened	 another	 packet	 of	 Sharpie markers.	She	pulled	the	red	one	out.	She	wrote	an	M	for	motive	by	each	person’s

name.	 So	 far,	 Kandi	 had	 two,	 Stewart	 one	 and	 Hope	 three.	 She	 listed	 Hope’s motives.

One.	Held	bitterness	of	growing	up	without	her	father.

Two.	Ralph	not	helping	with	her	mother.

Three.	Possible	inheritance	and	money.

But	 what	 about	 proof?	 Anne	 picked	 up	 a	 green	 marker.	 Unfortunately,	 the proof	or	evidence	all	pointed	toward	Kandi.	She’d	argued	with	Ralph.	She	had

been	 seen	 with	 her	 hands	 on	 the	 axe,	 and	 her	 fingerprints	 were	 the	 only	 ones other	than	Ralph’s.

But	that	left	Anne	with	more	questions.	Why	would	Kandi	move	the	murder

weapon	 and	 hide	 it	 in	 her	 own	 yard?	 She	 could	 have	 simply	 wiped	 the	 handle clean,	 or	 if	 premeditated,	 she	 would	 have	 worn	 gloves.	 Plus,	 even	 if	 she	 had wanted	Ralph’s	place,	there	could	be	no	guarantee	that	she	would	win	the	bid	for

it.

Dead	end.

How	about	the	others?	Anne	thought	back	to	the	first	time	the	group	had	met

in	the	kitchen.	They	all	had	pretty	much	the	same	alibi—none	really—sleeping.

She	stared	at	the	wall.	Using	the	push	pins	and	yarn,	she	made	connection	paths.

Still,	nothing	jumped	out.

Okay,	 next	 level.	 She	 added	 Eliza	 to	 the	 list.	 What	 could	 possibly	 be	 her motive?	Anne	couldn’t	come	up	with	a	single	thing.	Oh,	wait.	He	 had	 hit	her	car, broken	the	taillight,	and	banged	up	her	bumper.	She	was	pretty	picky	about	her

things.	 Opportunity?	 Yes,	 just	 like	 all	 the	 others.	 But	 if	 people	 killed	 others because	 they’d	 damaged	 their	 vehicle,	 there’d	 be	 a	 whole	 lot	 of	 dead	 people around.

Think,	Anne.

She	recalled	their	initial	meeting	and	Eliza	saying	how	Kandi	had	helped	her

so	much	when	she	first	arrived.	But	just	because	someone	is	nice	to	you	doesn’t mean	you	go	kill	someone	for	them.	Another	dead	end.

Who	 next?	 Oh	 yes,	 her	 favorite	 suspect.	 Jeff.	 Anne	 knew	 she’d	 have	 to	 be careful	 not	 to	 let	 her	 prejudice	 against	 Jeff	 cloud	 her	 judgment.	 She	 added	 a circle	and	attached	it	to	Kandi.

Motive?	 He	 had	 plenty.	 If	 she	 knew	 his	 type— and	 she	 did	 —he	 wanted	 to get	 his	 hands	 on	 Kandi’s	 money.	 What	 better	 way	 than	 to	 get	 her	 out	 of	 the picture?	So	Jeff	and	Hope	seemed	to	have	the	motive	that	often	trumped	many

others—money.

Anne	 ran	 her	 hands	 through	 her	 hair.	 She	 remembered	 the	 meeting	 in

Kandi’s	 kitchen.	 She	 grabbed	 her	 phone	 and	 opened	 up	 the	 camera.	 The	 photo was	 small,	 but	 she	 was	 still	 able	 to	 read	 the	 list	 of	 names	 that	 the	 group	 had added	at	the	prior	meeting.	She	felt	she	could	cross	off	the	first	name	she	spied on	their	list,	but	for	fun	she	added	her	own	name	to	the	board.	She	chuckled	as

she	listed	her	so-called	motives.

One.	Hates	men.

Two.	Mad	because	of	her	falling	into	his	compost	pile	.

Three.	Wanted	his	property	because	hers	is	turning	into	a	money	pit	.

“What	 do	 you	 say,	 Mouser?	 Do	 you	 think	 I	 did	 it?”	 The	 kitten	 stopped	 its play	and	stared	at	her.	“I	know,	I	know.	I	had	opportunity.	Right	next	door.	My

alibi	of	sleeping	sucks.”

Mouser	turned	and	ran	through	the	door.

Anne	shivered.	Ugh,	Mouser	probably	heard	or	saw	a	mouse.	She	yelled,	“I

forgive	 you,	 Mouser.	 I	 know	 you	 don’t	 think	 I	 did	 it.”	 Geez.	 Now	 she	 was talking	to	a	cat.	She	reviewed	the	other	names	on	the	list.	Two	she	didn’t	know

at	 all.	 Even	 those	 at	 the	 meeting	 had	 argued	 about	 them	 being	 suspects.	 That stopped	 her.	 What	 about	 people	 you’d	 never	 think	 of?	 Like	 the	 postman?

Someone	 coming	 up	 from	 the	 trail?	 Or	 a	 serial	 killer	 drifter?	 A	 time	 traveling telegrapher?	Or	the	person	you’d	least	expect—like	Sam.

Anne	drew	his	name	in	a	circle.	What	could	be	Sam’s	motive?	She	couldn’t

think	 of	 anything.	 However,	 he	 said	 he	 often	 jogged	 along	 the	 path,	 and	 she’d seen	that	he	had	a	balaclava	in	his	pocket.	Was	there	something	about	Sam	she

was	missing?

Anne	looked	back	at	the	wall.

Could	Faith	in	a	lucid	moment	have	killed	Ralph?	Of	everyone	listed	on	the

wall,	 she	 had	 been	 treated	 the	 worst	 by	 Ralph.	 He	 had	 left	 her	 pregnant	 and alone.	 She’d	 raised	 a	 daughter	 by	 herself.	 Even	 though	 she’d	 refused	 his proposal	after	his	wife	and	son	were	killed,	he	hadn’t	provided	for	her	or	Hope.

Though	 Sorcha	 said	 he’d	 tried	 and	 Faith	 had	 refused	 his	 money.	 Maybe	 Faith

just	told	people	that.	Maybe	she’d	asked	him	for	money,	and	he’d	refused?

No.	Not	after	hearing	Ralph’s	story	from	Sorcha.	More	likely,	her	pride	got

in	the	way.	Did	she	even	realize	how	hard	it	was	on	Hope	to	care	for	her	while

trying	to	run	a	full-time	business?

She	 added	 Faith’s	 name	 to	 the	 wall	 between	 Ralph	 and	 Hope.	 Could	 she

have	had	the	strength	to	kill	Ralph?

Really,	when	it	came	down	to	it,	all	you	needed	was	momentum	and	gravity

would	do	the	rest.

Anne	sat	down	at	the	table	and	rested	her	head	in	her	hands.

A	mewing	caught	her	attention.	The	cat	had	returned.	She	picked	him	up	and

stroked	his	fur.	“Mouser,	I	don’t	know	if	I	am	going	to	be	able	to	help	Kandi.	I

just	don’t	see	any	pattern.	All	I	see	are	threads.”	She	sighed.

“Time	for	a	break.”	She	carried	Mouser	into	the	kitchen	where	she	rewarded

him	with	a	saucer	of	milk.	She	pulled	on	boots	and	grabbed	her	jacket	from	the

hook.	Opening	the	back	door	Anne	breathed	in	deeply	as	the	crisp	fresh	air	and

scent	 of	 the	 forest	 refreshed	 her.	 Yet	 apprehension	 began	 to	 take	 hold	 as	 she walked	 toward	 Ralph’s.	 Would	 Stewart	 accuse	 her	 of	 trespassing	 again?	 Or would	 Carson	 still	 be	 skulking	 about?	 He	 would	 most	 likely	 be	 gone	 now,	 but nonetheless,	she	peeked	around	the	lilacs	to	make	sure	no	one	was	there	before

proceeding	into	the	yard.

Off	to	her	right	was	the	compost	area.	Further	to	her	left	was	a	pile	of	wood.

Some	 split,	 others	 waiting.	 She	 walked	 toward	 the	 area	 and	 noticed	 that	 it	 was very	close	to	a	bend	in	the	woods.	She	could	make	out	the	marks	where	Stewart

had	 come	 up	 on	 his	 skis	 and	 tossed	 them	 to	 the	 side.	 A	 short	 path	 led	 into	 the forest	 so	 she	 followed	 it.	 Her	 feet	 sunk	 into	 the	 accumulated	 snow	 still	 dense from	the	shade.

Anne	turned	back	and	was	met	with	a	clear	view	from	the	main	path	up	to

the	wood	pile.	She	stopped	and	took	it	all	in.	When	the	chill	began	to	seep	into

her	extremities,	she	headed	back	up	the	hill.	She	glanced	down	at	the	wood	pile.

Yes,	more	wood	had	definitely	been	cut	since	the	first	time	she’d	seen	Kandi	and

Ralph.	But	when	had	Ralph	done	the	cutting?

The	 more	 she	 dug,	 the	 fewer	 answers	 she	 found,	 and	 the	 more	 questions emerged.	Frustrated	at	getting	nowhere	with	her	snooping,	she	decided	to	call	it

a	day	on	the	detective	work.

Her	phone	vibrated	in	her	pocket.





Chapter	Nineteen

Anne	 answered	 her	 phone.	 It	 was	 Eliza	 calling	 to	 see	 if	 Anne	 could	 drive	 her home	from	the	hospital.

Eliza	was	sitting	on	the	side	of	her	bed	when	Anne	arrived	and	as	usual	she

was	impeccably	dressed.	No	one	would	know	she’d	been	in	an	accident	except

for	the	bandage	adorning	the	left	side	of	her	face.	“Thank	you	for	coming.”	She

spoke	as	if	she	were	accepting	guests	at	a	formal	party.

Anne	 snatched	 up	 Eliza’s	 Louis	 Vuitton	 overnight	 bag	 as	 the	 nurse	 helped Eliza	into	the	wheelchair.	As	they	moved	toward	the	door,	another	nurse	headed

toward	 them	 carrying	 a	 banker’s	 box.	 “Here.	 Don’t	 forget	 this.	 It’s	 yours	 too.”

Eliza	held	the	box	on	her	lap	as	they	proceeded	out	the	door.

Taking	the	box	from	Eliza,	Anne	stowed	it	in	the	back.	She	climbed	into	the

truck	while	the	nurse	helped	Eliza.	Anne	pulled	on	her	seatbelt.	“Are	they	going

to	be	able	to	repair	your	car?”

“Unfortunately,	 no.	 I	 am	 afraid	 that	 I	 must	 find	 another	 vehicle.”	 Eliza placed	 her	 head	 against	 the	 back	 window.	 The	 strain	 of	 the	 accident	 was painfully	evident	on	her	face.

“Sure	you’re	all	right?”

“Thanks	 for	 the	 concern.	 I’m	 actually	 feeling	 much	 better.	 I’d	 been

struggling	with	sleeping	well	and	hadn’t	been	able	to	do	my	daily	runs.”

“You	run?”

“Yes.	 The	 trail	 circles	 around	 the	 lake	 as	 well	 as	 around	 the	 town.	 I	 try	 to complete	a	daily	ten-mile	circuit.	However,	lately	I’d	been	lucky	to	get	in	three to	 five.	 I’ve	 been	 too	 tired	 to	 do	 more.”	 She	 shifted	 and	 faced	 Anne.	 “Do	 you run?	We	could	run	together	some	time.”

“No.	 I	 don’t	 run.	 And	 if	 you	 see	 me	 running	 you	 better	 run	 too	 because something	bad	would	be	chasing	me.”

Eliza	 smiled.	 “I’ll	 remember	 that.”	 Her	 smile	 faded	 and	 dread	 passed	 over her	face.

Anne	grimaced.	“Did	I	say	something	wrong?	Are	you	okay?”

“No.	 It	 is	 not	 your	 fault.	 Some	 things	 are	 best	 left	 in	 the	 dark	 where	 they belong.”	 She	 turned	 to	 look	 out	 of	 the	 passenger	 window,	 thus	 cutting	 off	 any further	conversation.

What	 was	 Eliza	 afraid	 of?	 Was	 she	 hiding	 something	 that	 threatened	 her strong	outward	composure?

Anne	had	forgotten	that	Eliza	lived	out	close	to	Sam.	They	passed	the	cut-off

to	his	house	and	drove	for	another	half	mile	until	Eliza	signaled	to	slow	down.

The	unmarked	road	was	partly	hidden	by	a	stand	of	trees	and	if	you	didn’t	know

about	the	road	off	the	highway,	you	would	drive	by	without	ever	seeing	it.

She	 pulled	 into	 the	 gap	 in	 the	 trees.	 “Wow.	 Don’t	 you	 want	 to	 put	 up	 a marker	here?”

“No.	I	prefer	it	this	way.”

Anne	glanced	at	the	woman.	With	her	busy	schedule,	maybe	Eliza	preferred

seclusion.

Eliza’s	road	had	been	graded	and	was	a	much	easier	drive	than	Sam’s.	Eliza

motioned	ahead.	“Here	we	are.”	Anne	stopped	the	truck.	The	road	continued	on

into	 the	 forest.	 When	 Anne	 looked	 quizzically	 at	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 a	 grassy hill,	Eliza	broke	out	in	a	big	smile.	“What?	Don’t	you	see	it?”

“See	what?”	Anne	squinted.

Eliza	 pointed	 past	 Anne.	 All	 Anne	 could	 see	 was	 an	 open	 patch	 of	 hilly ground	against	the	trees.	Then,	as	she	continued	to	focus	her	gaze,	she	realized

the	hill	seemed	out	of	place	with	the	rest	of	the	surrounding	grounds.	Pipes	were visible.

Anne	opened	her	door.	“Wow.	Is	it	one	of	those	earth	houses?”

Eliza	 replied	 yes.	 She	 opened	 the	 door.	 With	 Anne’s	 help,	 she	 tentatively placed	 her	 feet	 on	 the	 ground.	 As	 Eliza	 held	 onto	 the	 door,	 Anne	 grabbed	 the luggage	and	then	came	alongside	her.	“Here,	take	my	arm.”

“Thank	 you.”	 Eliza	 clutched	 tightly	 to	 Anne’s	 arm	 and	 the	 pair	 gingerly made	their	way	on	a	flagstone	path	Anne	hadn’t	noticed	before.	As	they	slowly

made	 their	 way	 down	 the	 shady	 path,	 the	 entrance	 to	 the	 house	 appeared.	 This dwelling	 and	 Sam’s	 rustic	 cabin	 were	 as	 different	 as	 night	 and	 day.	 The structure’s	eastern	wall	was	a	bank	of	windows	with	rock	wall	supports,	a	cross

of	modern	and	Colorado	rustic.

Eliza	 unlocked	 the	 door	 and	 led	 Anne	 into	 the	 home.	 The	 expansive

windows	 in	 the	 living	 area	 faced	 the	 lake.	 She	 helped	 Eliza	 into	 a	 spacious bedroom	with	more	views	to	the	lake	and	north	along	the	forest.	A	deck	opened

off	the	bedroom	and	Anne	spied	a	winding	path	up	into	the	trees.	This	must	be the	trail	everyone	talked	about.

“This	is	amazing.	It’s	a	bit	like	sleeping	in	the	forest.”

Eliza	smiled	and	pointed.	“The	original	cabin	is	not	far	away	when	you	take

the	path.	I	plan	to	redo	it	this	coming	year	as	a	guest	house	and	art	studio.”

“I	didn’t	know	you	were	an	artist.”

“Yes.	 I	 love	 working	 with	 various	 mediums.	 I	 made	 all	 the	 pottery

throughout	the	house.”	Leaving	the	luggage,	they	returned	to	the	living	area.

Anne	took	in	the	view.	“This	house	is	so	open	and	airy.	It’s	delightful.	I	can

certainly	see	why	you	built	here.	The	views	are	gorgeous.”

“I	 enjoy	 it.	 You	 should	 come	 spend	 the	 weekend	 with	 me	 some	 time.	 You may	not	enjoy	running,	but	we	could	walk	around	the	lake.”

“Speaking	of	that,	does	this	trail	go	into	the	city	and	past	my	house?”

“Yes.	It	does.	I	used	to	run	that	way	quite	a	bit.”	Eliza	shivered.

“You	don’t	anymore?”

Eliza	 hesitated.	 “I	 decided	 to	 try	 another	 route.	 It’s	 away	 from	 town.”	 She studied	her	hands.	“But	then	I	had	the	wreck.”

“What	happened	that	night?”

“Please—sit.”	 The	 women	 took	 chairs	 facing	 the	 lake	 before	 Eliza	 began.

“Honestly,	 I	 don’t	 remember.	 I’d	 returned	 from	 an	 overseas	 trip,	 so	 jet-lag	 had set	in.	The	next	thing	I	knew	I	woke	up	in	the	hospital.”

“That’s	scary.”

“I	guess	I	decided	to	go	into	town	for	something.	But	the	knock	on	my	head

makes	 it	 so	 fuzzy.	 I	 can’t	 remember	 what	 really	 happened.”	 She	 swayed	 and clutched	the	chair	arm.

“Are	you	sure	you’re	okay?	Do	I	need	to	call	the	doctor?”

“No.	I’m	fine.	I	think	it’s	just	standing	up	and	moving	around	so	much	after

being	in	bed	for	so	long.	Listen,	I	know	this	is	a	big	imposition,	but	would	you

consider	staying	here	this	evening?	I	don’t	want	anything	else…”

“Certainly.	Let	me	go	back	to	my	place	and	grab	an	overnight	bag.	I	can	also

pick	us	up	something	for	dinner.	What	do	you	want?”

“That	 is	 very	 thoughtful.	 Something	 light	 would	 be	 nice.	 You	 select	 what you	would	like.”	Tears	welled	up	in	her	eyes.	Eliza	sighed	and	closed	her	eyes.

“I’m	so	tired.	I	can’t	do	it	anymore.”

Anne	 reached	 over	 and	 took	 Eliza’s	 hand.	 “Listen,	 you’ve	 had	 a	 bad

accident.	 I’m	 sure	 you	 can	 rework	 upcoming	 plans	 and	 take	 some	 time	 off.”

Anne	smiled	at	her.	“I’ve	found	that	no	matter	how	bad	things	seem,	they	always

tend	to	work	out.”

“Yes.	You	are	correct.	It	will	work	itself	out.”

Outside,	 Anne	 remembered	 the	 box	 in	 the	 back	 of	 her	 truck.	 As	 she	 pulled the	 box	 toward	 her,	 it	 caught	 the	 lip	 of	 the	 truck	 bed	 and	 the	 contents	 tumbled onto	the	drive.	Eliza’s	purse	fell	open	and	a	prescription	bottle	rolled	out.	A	sleep aid.	 A	 journal	 had	 also	 fallen	 open.	 As	 Anne	 reached	 to	 pick	 it	 up,	 an	 old photograph	fell	out	of	the	pages.

In	the	picture,	a	younger	Eliza	stood	next	to	a	group	of	girls.	They	were	all

smiling,	the	very	picture	of	youth.	Anne	didn’t	recognize	the	background.	It	had

the	look	of	a	dry	grass	prairie	with	a	dusty	clay	brick	building	blocking	most	of the	landscape.

A	photo	from	when	Eliza	was	younger?	Yet	she’s	still	beautiful,	if	not	even

more	 gorgeous	 now.	 So	 why	 does	 she	 only	 do	 modeling	 that	 doesn’t	 show	 her face?	Anne	returned	the	picture	and	began	to	retrieve	the	other	items.

Finally,	 she	 picked	 up	 a	 book	 that	 had	 fallen	 from	 the	 box.	 Anne	 read	 the title— Reasonable	 Doubt	 .	 The	 tome	 centered	 on	 court	 cases	 where	 juries	 had failed	to	convict	due	to	reasonable	doubt.

Looks	like	she’s	trying	to	help	Kandi.	I’ll	have	to	talk	to	her	about	it	later.

Anne	 hauled	 the	 box	 over	 to	 the	 walkway.	 She’d	 take	 it	 in	 when	 she

returned.	 Back	 at	 her	 house,	 she	 quickly	 pulled	 together	 an	 overnight	 bag.	 She stuffed	the	duffle	bag	with	a	nightgown	and	a	fresh	outfit	for	the	morning.	She’d called	 into	 the	 town	 café	 and	 had	 them	 make	 up	 a	 spring	 salad	 and	 bowls	 of tomato	basil	soup.	Finally,	she	picked	up	a	bouquet	of	gladiolas.	Bird	of	paradise suited	Eliza	more,	but	the	town	florist	carried	basic	flowers	that	would	sell	best.

When	Anne	arrived	back	at	Eliza’s,	the	box	was	no	longer	on	the	pathway.

She	 went	 up	 to	 the	 door	 and	 knocked.	 She	 heard	 the	 door	 unlock	 and	 Eliza appeared	 in	 a	 caftan	 the	 color	 of	 sunset.	 “Wow.	 You	 look	 beautiful.	 That’s	 a stunning	dress.	You’re	really	blessed	with	your	looks.”

“Some	might	say	cursed.”

“Well,	 it	 wouldn’t	 be	 me.”	 She	 followed	 Eliza	 and	 sat	 the	 bags	 on	 the counter.

“Thank	you	for	the	food	and	the	flowers.	You’re	very	sweet.”	She	retrieved	a

set	of	vases	in	varying	sizes.

As	Anne	sliced	a	baguette	from	the	café,	Eliza	arranged	the	flowers.	As	she

worked,	Anne	scanned	the	area.	No	box.	Eliza	must	have	put	it	in	her	bedroom.

Anne	placed	the	bread	on	a	plate.	“I	see	you	found	the	box	outside.”

Eliza	gazed	at	Anne.	“Yes.	I	went	outside	to	check	for	any	packages	that	may

have	 been	 delivered	 while	 I	 was	 in	 hospital.”	 She	 replied	 softly,	 “I	 will	 return shortly.”	When	she	came	back,	she	held	up	another	caftan	in	the	color	of	a	deep

minty	green.	“I	will	not	be	offended	if	you	would	prefer	to	continue	to	wear	your current	outfit.	However,	this	is	much	more	comfortable.”

“I’d	 love	 to	 wear	 that.	 Thank	 you.”	 Anne	 moved	 toward	 the	 stairs	 to	 the lower	room.

“No.	Please.”	Eliza	motioned	toward	her	room.	“I	have	put	on	new	sheets.	I

wish	for	you	to	sleep	here.”

“I	 couldn’t	 possibly	 impose	 and	 take	 you	 away	 from	 your	 own	 bed,”	 Anne asserted.

“I’ve	 been	 sleeping	 downstairs	 for	 a	 while.	 To	 break	 habits….I	 mean,	 they say	you	should	always	spend	a	night	or	two	in	your	guest	room,	so	you	know	if

anything	 is	 missing.”	 She	 didn’t	 elaborate	 further	 on	 why	 she’d	 vacated	 her wonderful	master	bedroom.

“But	please,	you	are	my	guest	and	I	insist.”

She	ushered	Anne	to	the	room	and	then	closed	the	door.	Anne	stepped	into

the	lush	dressing	room	and	pulled	off	her	boots,	jeans,	and	top.	She	remembered

Eliza	being	barefoot,	so	she	shucked	her	socks	too.	Dropping	the	caftan	over	her

body	felt	like	being	enclosed	in	a	warm	silky	wrap.	“Oh	my.”

She	ran	her	hands	up	and	down	the	sleeves.	Turning,	she	looked	at	herself	in

the	 full-length	 mirror.	 Whereas	 the	 caftan	 hit	 Eliza	 mid-calf,	 Anne’s	 shorter stature	provided	a	floor-length	gown.	Darts	provided	some	shape	and	while	the

dress	was	loose	on	Eliza,	the	flowing	gown	fit	Anne	nicely.	Anne	laid	her	dirty

clothing	on	top	of	her	duffel	bag.

Anne	 exited	 to	 find	 lit	 candles	 all	 around	 the	 room.	 The	 table	 had	 been	 set with	beautiful	pottery,	and	Eliza	had	set	the	food	on	the	table.

“Here,	 I’m	 supposed	 to	 be	 helping	 you,	 and	 you’re	 doing	 all	 the	 work,”

Anne	exclaimed.

“Please	 do	 not	 think	 that.	 I	 appreciate	 your	 being	 here.	 You	 look	 lovely	 in your	dress.”

“This	is	probably	the	most	wonderful	thing	I’ve	had	on	in	my	life,	and	I’ve

had	 some	 nice	 clothing	 in	 the	 past.	 It	 doesn’t	 compare	 to	 how	 this	 feels.”	 She walked	 to	 the	 table.	 “The	 temperature	 in	 this	 house	 is	 so	 lovely.	 I	 would	 have thought	 it	 would	 be	 cold	 with	 all	 the	 windows,	 but	 I	 love	 these	 heated	 floors.”

The	warmth	on	her	feet	radiated	up	into	her	legs.

“The	 house	 has	 geothermal	 heating.	 The	 floors	 are	 heated	 as	 you	 said.	 I prefer	to	go	barefoot	when	I	can,	and	this	allows	that	no	matter	how	much	snow

is	outside.”

Anne	wiggled	her	toes.	“It’s	certainly	very	nice.”

As	 they	 ate,	 Eliza	 shared	 about	 the	 celebrities	 she’d	 met	 and	 times	 she	 had been	 their	 hands	 or	 served	 as	 a	 body	 double.	 On	 questioning	 from	 Eliza,	 Anne shared	much	of	the	backstory	around	her	miscarriage	and	divorce	from	Duke.

Eliza	set	down	her	spoon.	“I’m	so	sorry	to	hear	what	you	went	through.	The

world	can	be	so	cruel.”

“Do	you	have	any	brothers	or	sisters?”	Anne	took	a	bite	of	salad.

“I	had	a	sister.”	Eliza	sighed	deeply	and	gazed	down	into	her	lap.

Had.	“	I’m	sorry.	I	didn’t	mean	to	pry.”

“It	is	fine.	But	I	do	not	wish	to	talk	about	it	now.”

“Okay.”	Anne	wiped	her	hands	and	gathered	the	dress	folds	around	her	legs.

Eliza	stifled	a	yawn.	“I’m	very	tired.	I	believe	I	will	retire	for	the	evening.”

She	stood	and	picked	up	the	plates.

“Let	me	take	care	of	the	dishes.	You	go	and	get	some	sleep.”	Anne	rose.

“That	 is	 most	 kind.”	 She	 moved	 away	 from	 the	 table.	 “Did	 the	 doctor	 give you	something	for	sleep?”

“I	 no	 longer	 take	 sleep	 aids.	 They	 have	 bad	 side	 effects.”	 Eliza	 went downstairs.

“Okay.	 Well,	 good	 night	 then,”	 Anne	 called	 after	 her.	 She	 cleaned	 up	 the plates	and	pondered	why	Eliza	had	said	she	didn’t	take	sleeping	pills	anymore.

She’d	definitely	seen	the	bottle	with	Eliza’s	name	on	it.	Why	didn’t	Eliza	want	to admit	she	took	a	sleep	aid?

Anne	blew	out	the	candles	and	watched	as	the	moon’s	reflection	played	off

the	 mirror	 of	 the	 lake.	 Once	 in	 bed,	 she	 tossed	 and	 turned	 over	 the	 night’s conversation.	 While	 much	 of	 it	 had	 been	 light	 conversation,	 they’d	 discussed Kandi’s	predicament	as	well.

When	Anne	brought	up	the	fact	of	the	axe	being	found	in	Kandi’s	yard,	Eliza

replied	strangely,	“That	is	what	I	do	not	understand.	Who	moved	that	axe?	And

why	did	they	move	it?”

Anne	 fell	 asleep	 to	 myriad	 thoughts.	 A	 sound	 brought	 her	 instantly	 awake.

The	bedroom	door	handle	turned.	Her	breath	caught	in	her	throat.

A	figure	entered.	Eliza.

The	 light	 of	 the	 moon	 helped	 Anne	 see	 Eliza’s	 silhouette	 as	 she	 moved silently	over	to	the	dressing	room	and	closed	the	door.	No	light	appeared	under

the	crack	of	the	door.

Why	 doesn’t	 she	 just	 turn	 on	 the	 light?	 Maybe	 she	 forgot	 something	 and doesn’t	want	to	wake	me.

When	Eliza	returned,	she	was	wearing	a	pair	of	leggings	and	a	tank	top.	She

also	wore	running	shoes.	Now	sitting	up	in	bed,	Anne	realized	that	Eliza	hadn’t

once	acknowledged	her	presence.

She’s	sleepwalking!

Anne	 wanted	 to	 speak	 but	 fear	 kept	 her	 tongue	 in	 check.	 Hadn’t	 she	 heard not	to	wake	up	sleepwalkers?

Eliza	 moved	 toward	 a	 dresser.	 She	 opened	 the	 drawer,	 pulled	 out	 a	 pair	 of

gloves,	and	placed	them	on	her	hands.	She	also	added	a	balaclava	to	hold	back her	hair.

Finally,	she	moved	to	the	door	and	went	out	on	to	the	deck	off	the	bedroom.

From	there,	she	set	off	on	a	jog.

Instead	of	circling	away	from	the	city,	she	headed	toward	town.

Anne	grabbed	the	clothes	she’d	discarded	earlier.	Eliza	shouldn’t	be	running

after	her	accident.

However,	 by	 the	 time	 Anne	 had	 gotten	 dressed,	 Eliza	 was	 nowhere	 to	 be seen.	 No	 way	 could	 Anne	 catch	 up	 with	 her.	 Plus	 she	 could	 barely	 see	 in	 the darkness.	How	was	Eliza	able	to	run	so	effortlessly	without	light?

Unsure	 of	 what	 to	 do	 next,	 Anne	 sat	 down	 on	 a	 rock.	 Should	 she	 call	 the police?	And	say	what?	That	a	woman	was	running	on	a	trail	in	the	forest?

Finally,	 she	 heard	 a	 twig	 snap.	 She	 rose	 to	 see	 Eliza	 headed	 her	 way.	 Yet once	 again,	 Eliza	 ignored	 Anne’s	 presence	 and	 swept	 by	 her	 at	 a	 quick	 pace.

Anne	scrambled	after	the	woman.	Inside,	Eliza	went	to	her	dressing	room.	When

she	emerged,	she’d	changed	out	of	her	running	gear	and	back	into	her	pajamas.

Eliza	then	slid	into	her	own	bed	and	turned	over	on	her	side.

Anne	leaned	over	quietly	and	gazed	at	the	woman.

Eliza	was	sound	asleep.

Anne	sighed.	Oh	well,	I	wanted	to	see	that	sunrise	over	the	lake.	Now	I’ll	get

my	chance.

She	grabbed	a	blanket	from	the	end	of	the	bed	and	headed	out	to	the	deck.

She	cuddled	down	into	the	lounger	and	quickly	fell	fast	asleep	again.

Soft	light	hit	her	eyelids.

Anne	blinked	as	her	eyes	spied	the	morning’s	first	soft	glow	painting	the	lake

and	surroundings	with	a	stroke	of	pink.	As	the	light	brightened	in	the	sky,	a	flock of	geese	flew	past.	Anne	sat	up	and	hugged	her	knees	to	her	chest.

The	glass	patio	door	opened	behind	her.

Eliza	came	outside	and	sat	down	across	from	Anne.	The	woman	stared	at	her

and	then	broke	down	in	sobs.

“I	killed	him.	I	killed	Ralph.”





Chapter	Twenty

Anne	advised	Eliza	to	call	a	lawyer	before	contacting	the	police.	Eliza	concurred and	contacted	one	based	in	Denver.	As	they	waited	for	the	attorney	to	arrive,	the two	women	faced	each	other.

Anne	 sat	 in	 stunned	 silence.	 Even	 though	 Eliza	 had	 confessed	 to	 killing Ralph,	Anne	simply	couldn’t	believe	this	woman	had	done	such	a	horrible	deed.

Why	would	Eliza	have	killed	Ralph?

Neither	spoke.	A	clock	ticked	loudly	from	across	the	room.	A	bird	landed	on

the	deck	outside.

Anne	 glanced	 over	 at	 Eliza.	 The	 woman	 had	 paled	 and	 sweat	 clung	 to	 her face	 and	 chest.	 Their	 eyes	 met.	 Eliza	 broke	 down	 in	 deep	 gut-wrenching	 sobs.

Finally,	 when	 the	 tsunami	 of	 emotion	 had	 passed,	 Anne	 handed	 Eliza	 a	 box	 of tissues.	Eliza	wiped	her	face	and	took	in	a	deep	halting	breath.

She	 searched	 Anne’s	 face,	 then	 spoke.	 “I’m	 originally	 from	 Ethiopia.	 We were	 poor.	 Very	 poor.	 My	 parents	 found	 out	 about	 an	 agency	 looking	 for workers.”	She	wrung	her	hands.

“Some	men	came	to	our	village.	Searching	for	models.

My	sister	and	I	were	thrilled.	They	pointed	at	me.	They	told	my	parents	my

sister	 could	 work	 in	 a	 hotel.	 We	 would	 be	 leaving	 our	 parents,	 our	 homes,	 and our	life	as	we	knew	it.	I	would	not	leave.	Not	unless	my	sister	could	come	with

me.”

Eliza	stopped,	and	buried	her	head	in	her	hands.	When	she	looked	up	again,

tears	 blotted	 her	 cheeks	 again.	 “If	 I	 could	 take	 it	 back,	 I	 would	 do	 anything	 to change	our	fate.	We	were	to	go	with	them	the	following	day.	They	selected	some

other	 girls	 for	 both	 jobs.”	 Eliza	 rose	 and	 went	 to	 a	 closet	 where	 she	 pulled	 the photograph	Anne	had	seen	earlier	out	of	the	notebook.	“This	is	us.	All	smiles.”

She	trembled.	“If	we	had	only	known	the	hell	we	were	going	to.”

She	 pointed	 to	 a	 young	 woman	 in	 the	 picture.	 “This	 is	 my	 sister.	 Adanech.

My	 real	 name	 is	 K…Konjit.”	 Eliza	 stumbled	 over	 her	 name	 like	 someone

struggling	to	speak	a	new	language.

Anne	didn’t	know	how	to	respond.	She	waited	for	the	woman	to	continue.

Eliza	 braced	 her	 shoulders,	 her	 back	 ramrod	 straight.	 “We	 left	 our	 home.

After	 a	 short	 while,	 our	 car	 stopped.	 We	 were	 told	 to	 get	 into	 a	 van.	 I	 still remember	 vividly	 how	 hot	 and	 cramped	 it	 was.”	 Her	 jaw	 clenched.	 “So	 many girls.”

“Please,	 let	 me	 make	 some	 tea	 for	 us.”	 With	 Eliza’s	 instruction,	 Anne

prepared	green	tea.	She	brought	the	cups	over	to	where	Eliza	sat	and	handed	her

the	cup.	After	they	had	sipped	in	silence	for	a	time,	Eliza	continued	her	story.

“We	 drove	 for	 so	 long.	 When	 they	 finally	 opened	 the	 doors,	 I	 had	 no	 idea where	 we	 were.	 They	 rushed	 us	 out	 of	 the	 van.	 We	 were	 in	 a	 compound.	 That was	the	first	time	my	confusion	turned	to	fear.	Men	with	military-	style	weapons

stood	 guard.	 One	 yelled	 at	 us	 to	 get	 inside.	 Girls	 started	 screaming.	 Running.

One	was	beaten	in	front	of	us.	When	she	became	unconscious,	they	dragged	her

inside.”

“Eliza,	if	this	is	too	painful…”	Anne	spoke	softly.

“No,	I’ve	been	carrying	this	burden	alone	for	too	long.	Will	you	allow	me	to

continue?”	 Eliza	 waited.	 “Please.”	 Anne	 wasn’t	 sure	 how	 this	 tied	 to	 Ralph’s murder,	but	it	might	be	best	to	let	Eliza	speak	now.

“My	sister	and	I	were	put	into	a	room	together.	Two	to	a	room.	No	windows.

Someone	brought	food	and	water…	and	a	bucket.	We	waited.	After	a	while	we

heard	a	door	open	to	another	room.	Even	through	the	concrete	walls,	we	heard

the	 screams.	 Then	 it	 would	 be	 quiet	 again.	 Another	 cell	 opening	 and	 closing.

Screams.”

She	closed	her	eyes	and	breathed	deeply.	“Then	our	door	opened.”

“Two	guards	entered.	Another	man	was	with	them.	A	white	man.	He	looked

at	 my	 sister	 and	 then	 me.	 Guards	 forced	 me	 to	 stand.	 He	 instructed	 me	 to	 turn around.	 I	 was	 so	 afraid.	 I	 didn’t	 move.	 The	 white	 man	 turned	 and	 slapped Adanech.	 Hard.	 I	 rushed	 toward	 her.	 A	 guard	 grabbed	 me.	 My	 sister	 pulled herself	up	from	the	ground.	He	hit	her	again—hard	across	the	face.	Her	mouth

…so	 bloody.	 This	 time	 she	 didn’t	 get	 up	 as	 he	 punched	 her	 again.	 I	 pleaded.

Begged	 him	 to	 stop.	 I	 said	 I	 would	 do	 what	 he	 asked.	 I	 know	 now	 that	 this	 is what	he	wanted.	Otherwise,	he	would	have	continued	the	beating.

“He	told	me	to	turn	around.	Remove	my	clothing.	I	hesitated.	He	kicked	my

sister.	I	took	off	my	clothes	and	stood	there	in	my	humiliation.	He	asked	if	I	was a	virgin.	I	nodded,	yes.	Then	he	asked	my	sister.”	Eliza	stopped	and	wiped	her

eyes,	the	pain	etched	on	her	face.

“Why	she	said	no,	I’ll	never	understand.	I	can	only	guess	that	she	thought	it would	protect	me.	He	told	the	guards	not	to	touch	me.	They	raped	my	sister	in

front	of	my	eyes.	When	they	found	out	she	 had	 been	a	virgin,	they	beat	her	some more.”

“Oh,	Eliza.	I	don’t	know	what	to	say.”	She	moved	over	next	to	the	woman

and	took	her	hands	in	her	own.

“They	left	us	alone	for	about	a	week.	We	didn’t	know	if	it	was	night	or	day.

Then	 the	 white	 man	 returned.	 He	 told	 me	 that	 I	 was	 going	 to	 meet	 a	 very important	man.	If	I	tried	to	run,	my	sister	would	be	killed.”

“Were	you	worried	they	would	kill	her	anyway?”	“No.	She	was	still	of	use	to

them.”	She	stared	at	Anne.“She	was	fourteen.”

“Oh	my	god.”	Anne	clutched	at	her	throat.	“How	old	were	you?”

Eliza	 spoke	 softly.	 “Thirteen.	 However,	 one	 man	 had	 specifically	 asked	 for an	Ethiopian	virgin.	I	was	taken	to	his	yacht.”	She	sighed	and	took	a	sip	of	her

tea.	“The	man	asked	to	speak	to	the	white	man,	but	my	guards	said	that	he	didn’t

attend	transactions.	The	man—they	called	him	Mr.	Smith—nodded.	One	of	his

men	came	forward	with	a	briefcase	filled	with	American	dollars.	After	the	men

left,	Mr.	Smith	told	the	guards	to	take	me	below.”

Anne’s	 stomach	 tightened;	 the	 fear	 of	 that	 past	 moment	 palpable	 between them.

Eliza	 cupped	 her	 hands	 in	 her	 lap.	 “I	 was	 terrified.	 I	 shook	 so	 terribly	 that they	 ended	 up	 supporting	 me.	 I	 waited	 for	 over	 an	 hour.	 Finally,	 he	 came.	 I dropped	to	my	knees	and	begged	him	to	not	hurt	me.”

Eliza	 took	 a	 sip	 of	 the	 lukewarm	 tea.	 She	 glanced	 out	 at	 the	 lake.	 Anne prepared	for	the	worst.

Eliza	continued,	“Mr.	Smith	lifted	me	up	from	the	ground	and	put	his	fingers

to	his	lips.	Then,	very	loudly,	he	said,	“Take	a	bath—I	don’t	want	to	touch	filth.”

I	was	confused	but	followed	him	into	the	bathroom.	He	started	the	tub	and	the

shower.	Then	turned	on	horrific	hard-rock	music.

“It	 was	 deafening.	 Smith	 opened	 a	 cabinet.	 Inside	 was	 a	 safe.	 There	 was another	hidden	safe	inside	the	safe.	He	was	with	an	international	secret	service

organization.	They	were	trying	to	take	down	human	trafficking	cartels.	They	had

hoped	 to	 capture	 the	 white	 man,	 but	 he	 continued	 to	 evade	 them.	 They	 needed someone	on	the	inside.	By	the	end	of	the	evening	I’d	been	fitted	with	a	tracking

chip.	 I	 told	 him	 about	 my	 sister,	 and	 he	 said	 they	 would	 do	 everything	 in	 their power	to	save	her	too.”	Anne	could	barely	believe	the	horror	Eliza	had	endured.

Anne	 had	 heard	 of	 human	 trafficking	 but	 had	 never	 personally	 met	 a	 survivor.

She	waited	as	Eliza	took	another	sip	of	tea.

Eliza	 composed	 herself	 before	 resuming	 the	 story.	 “I	 returned	 to	 the

compound	 with	 the	 story	 that	 the	 man	 had	 to	 go	 away	 on	 business	 and	 wasn’t able	to	finish	the	transaction.	He	would	return	for	me.	This	ensured	I	would	not

be	 raped.	 They	 allowed	 me	 to	 rejoin	 Adanech.	 She	 wasn’t	 eating	 and	 had developed	a	fever.	I	implored	them	for	a	doctor,	but	they	just	laughed.	Then	one

day	a	few	weeks	after	I’d	returned,	I	heard	men	shouting.	Gunfire.	My	sister	and

I	tried	to	escape	out	an	unlocked	door,	but	one	of	the	guards	saw	us.	He	fired	his gun.	My	sister	pushed	me	out	the	door.	She	was	shot.	She	died	in	my	arms.”

Anne	gasped.	“Eliza,	I’m	so	sorry.	I	don’t	know	what	to	say.	I’m	so	sorry	for

your	loss.”

“Thank	you.”	Eliza	wiped	more	tears	from	her	eyes.	“That	was	many	years

ago.	The	agency	helped	me	to	come	to	America	because	I	had	become	a	target

since	I’d	exposed	the	operation.	I	was	placed	in	protection	for	many	more	years.

I	finally	decided	if	I	had	to	live	that	way	for	the	rest	of	my	life,	they	had	killed me	as	much	as	they	had	taken	the	life	of	my	sister	and	taken	me	from	my	family

forever.	I	started	working	as	a	model’s	assistant.	Later,	I	stepped	in	for	models’

hands	and	feet,	and	as	a	body	double.	My	career	took	off.”

So	that	explained	why	Eliza	never	showed	her	face	in	pictures.	“I’m	sure	this

is	going	to	come	across	as	very	rude,	but	I	don’t	know	how	else	to	say	it.	Why

did	you	come	to	Carolan	Springs?	If	you’re	still	trying	to	stay	away	from	these

people,	wouldn’t	a	town	with	a	more	diverse	ethnicity	work	better?”

Eliza	threw	back	her	head	and	laughed	loudly.	“Yes.	I	would	have	thought	so

too.	But	I	have	the	best	protection	I	can	receive	by	staying.”

“What?	Sorry,	but	that	makes	no	sense.”

“You	 have	 not	 lived	 in	 the	 town	 long	 enough.	 However,	 you	 will	 find	 that people	 here	 are	 very	 protective	 of	 its	 residents.	 The	 first	 few	 times	 I	 visited,	 I would	ask	how	to	get	to	Kandi’s	house,	and	the	people	would	react	with	 Who	?

At	first,	yes,	I	thought	that	the	town	was	racist.	But	that	is	not	the	case	at	all.

They	are,	in	fact,	very	caring	to	anyone	and	everyone.	I	guess	they	feel	sharing

about	someone	without	their	permission	is	disrespectful	to	that	person.	Though

talking	about	them	 in	 the	town	is	another	thing.”	She	laughed	again,	breaking	the somber	moment.

Anne	considered	what	Eliza	said. I	bet	they	hate	the	outside	media	I	brought

here	recently.

Eliza	retrieved	more	tea.	“So	if	anyone	were	to	ask	about	a	tall	black	woman,

the	people	here	would	instantly	know	that	I	don’t	want	to	see	anyone	asking	for

me.	And,	even	better,	they	would	contact	me	immediately.”

“How	do	you	know?	Are	you	sure?”

“Yes.	I	once	had	someone	from	a	photo	shoot	in	Denver	say	they	wanted	to

come	out	to	dinner.	I	recommended	they	come	here.	Finally,	they	called	me	and

asked	why	the	people	were	so	unfriendly	and	unhelpful	in	giving	directions.”

“Eliza,	I	can’t	imagine	what	you’ve	gone	through.	You’ve	had	horrific	things

happen	to	you.	I,	for	one,	can	certainly	understand	about	moving	here	to	escape

something.	 But	 what	 I	 can’t	 understand	 is	 what	 this	 has	 to	 do	 with	 Ralph’s murder.”

Eliza	moaned.	“I	still	can’t	believe	I	killed	him.”

“Are	 you	 saying	 that	 you	 don’t	 know	 if	 you	 killed	 him?	 I’m	 sorry,	 but	 I’m confused.	 And	 you	 just	 don’t	 seem	 like	 the	 killer	 type.	 Now,	 Stanley’s	 wife,	 I wouldn’t	put	it	past	her.	You	know,	sweet	little	old	lady…	”

Eliza	burst	out	laughing.	Anne	joined	in.

“Thank	 you,	 sweet	 Anne.	 I	 needed	 that.”	 She	 stopped	 and	 smoothed	 down

her	 robe.	 She	 glanced	 at	 a	 nearby	 clock.	 “We	 still	 have	 some	 time	 before	 the lawyer	arrives	from	Denver.	We	need	to	get	dressed,	and	then	I	could	use	some

coffee	and	something	to	eat.	You?”

“Sounds	good.”

After	 Eliza	 dressed,	 Anne	 retreated	 to	 the	 bathroom	 and	 dressed,	 her	 mind awhirl	with	so	many	thoughts,	her	emotions	overwhelmed	at	all	she’d	seen	and

heard.	She	didn’t	know	how	to	feel.	One	thing	she	knew	for	certain	was	that	she

felt	 safe	 with	 Eliza.	 Yet,	 her	 confession	 to	 Ralph’s	 murder	 seemed	 off.

Something	was	still	missing.	Back	in	the	kitchen,	Anne	watched	the	woman	go

through	 the	 motions	 of	 setting	 the	 coffee	 to	 brew.	 Almost	 mechanically,	 Eliza placed	granola,	yogurt,	and	fruit	on	the	table.	When	they	sat	down	to	eat,	Eliza

spoke.

“I’ve	 been	 trying	 to	 figure	 out	 what	 happened.	 It’s	 because	 of	 my	 sleep.

When	 we	 were	 in	 captivity,	 they	 would	 constantly	 change	 the	 lighting.	 You would	be	sleeping,	and	the	lights	would	come	on.	You	would	be	awake,	and	they

would	turn	the	lights	off	and	you	would	have	to	sit	in	darkness.	I	later	heard	it’s a	standard	form	of	torture	to	create	mental	exhaustion.	You	never	knew	what	to

expect.	 Ever	 since	 then,	 a	 sound	 sleep	 has	 been	 difficult.	 This	 is	 why	 I	 moved out	here.	I	feel	safe,	and	I	can	sleep	easier	as	I	can	see	in	every	direction.	But	last year,	I	began	having	nightmares	again.	I	finally	went	to	a	doctor	who	prescribed

me	 these.”	 She	 moved	 to	 the	 kitchen	 trashcan	 and	 dug	 out	 a	 bottle	 of prescription	medication.

“The	first	night	I	slept	fine.	But	then,	I	would	have	these	vivid	dreams.	Or	I

would	wake	up	and	find	myself	in	my	jogging	clothes.

Tears	 sprang	 to	 her	 eyes.	 “Then	 Ralph	 was	 murdered.	 I	 liked	 Ralph.	 Why would	I	want	to	kill	him?	Yet,	I	remember	pieces	of	my	dream	from	that	night.	I

was	running	along	the	path	behind	the	houses.	I	heard	something.	Our	cell	door

was	 open.	 I	 needed	 to	 flee	 before	 they	 returned.	 I	 had	 to	 save	 my	 sister.	 I

sprinted	out	of	the	door.	Of	course,	there	was	no	door.

“Then	I	saw	the	white	man.	My	sister	headed	toward	him.	I	had	to	stop	him.

I	 ran.	 We	 struggled.	 I	 wouldn’t	 let	 him	 hurt	 my	 sister.	 He	 shoved	 me	 to	 the ground.	I	blacked	out—or	fell	asleep—or	…”	She	threw	her	hands	in	the	air.	“I

don’t	know!

“When	I	woke	up,	Ralph	was	lying	on	his	back	on	the	ground.	I	ran	to	my

house.	In	the	morning,	I	was	in	my	pajamas	in	my	bed.	I	thought	at	the	time	that

it	had	all	been	a	nightmare.”

“Wait.	 So	 you	 were	 really	 running,	 but	 you	 thought	 you	 were	 running	 in	 a dream?”

“I	think	that’s	true,	but	I	can’t	be	sure.”

“The	 door	 you	 saw.	 Is	 that	 the	 area	 from	 the	 path	 onto	 Ralph’s	 property?”

Anne	didn’t	wait	for	Eliza’s	response	before	thinking	aloud.	“Now	that	I	think	of it,	 with	 the	 trees	 overhanging,	 that	 area	 does	 look	 somewhat	 like	 a	 door.”	 She paused.	 “Eliza,	 why	 are	 you	 telling	 me	 all	 this?	 Shouldn’t	 you	 wait	 for	 the lawyer?”

Eliza	 reached	 across	 the	 table	 and	 took	 Anne’s	 hand.	 “Because	 I	 trust	 you, Anne.	 I	 know	 if	 anyone	 can	 help	 me	 make	 sense	 of	 this	 mess,	 it’s	 you.	 That’s why	I	felt	I	could	release	my	burden.	I	consider	you	a	good	friend.”

Anne	 squeezed	 Eliza’s	 hand.	 “I	 consider	 you	 a	 good	 friend	 too.”	 Anne	 felt certain	that	Eliza	hadn’t	meant	to	kill	Ralph.	“Okay,	Eliza,	I’ve	got	some	more

questions.	In	your	dream,	you	grabbed	the	axe	and	fought	with	Ralph.	But	if	you

were	sleeping,	it	had	to	be	nighttime.	No	one	would	be	outside	then.	It	doesn’t

make	sense.”

“I	used	to	run	every	morning	at	five	o’clock.	Ralph	was	always	up	early	too.

I’d	often	see	him	in	the	café	if	I	decided	to	go	there	for	breakfast	after	my	run.”

“So	he	was	in	his	yard—doing	what?”

“I	 don’t	 know.	 All	 I	 know	 is	 that	 I	 saw	 this	 white	 man	 heading	 toward	 my sister.	I	had	to	stop	him.”

“Your	sister?”	Anne	motioned	with	her	fork.	“Did	you	see	someone	else?”

“I’m	sorry.	I	don’t	know.	Some	of	it	is	as	clear	as	you	sitting	across	from	me.

And	 some	 is	 fuzzy,	 or	 I	 can’t	 remember	 at	 all.”	 Eliza	 poured	 more	 coffee	 for them	both.

“So	you	grabbed	the	axe,	and	you	struggled.”	“Yes,	I	believe	so.”

“Then	you	either	fell	or	were	pushed?”	Anne	leaned	toward	Eliza.

“As	far	as	I	can	remember,	that’s	correct.	I	think	we	both	fell.”

“And	you	lost	consciousness	or	whatever	it	was	for	a	time.	How	long	before

you	came	to	your	senses	again?”

Eliza	 concentrated.	 “I’m	 not	 sure.	 Probably	 not	 long.	 At	 that	 point,	 I	 don’t

know	 if	 I	 was	 awake	 or	 still	 in	 that	 dreamlike	 state.	 I	 saw	 him	 lying	 on	 the ground	with	his	eyes	closed.	I	got	up	and	ran	back	to	the	path.”

“So	you	didn’t	check	to	see	if	he	was	dead?”

Eliza	shook	her	head.	“I	know	that	I	should	have	but	at	the	time	I	thought	I

was	still	dreaming.”

“And	 the	 reason	 that	 your	 prints	 weren’t	 on	 the	 axe	 was	 because	 you	 were wearing	black	gloves.”

Eliza	stiffened.	“I	suppose	so.	Yes.”

“So	you	left.	Ralph	was	sprawled	on	his	back	and	you	ran.”

“I’m	sorry,	but	I	just	can’t	remember.”	Anne	patted	her	hand.

“What	about	the	car	accident?”

“That’s	when	I	knew	that	I	could	be	the	one	who	killed	Ralph.	I	was	asleep

when	I	got	behind	the	wheel.	I	didn’t	remember	getting	in	the	car	or	driving.	All I	 remember	 was	 waking	 up	 in	 the	 hospital.	 That’s	 when	 I	 said	 I’d	 never	 take those	 pills	 again.	 Unfortunately,	 it	 sometimes	 has	 lingering	 side-effects,	 hence my	run	last	night.”

“But	why	didn’t	you	say	something?”

“I	was	afraid	the	cartel	would	find	me.	I	needed	time	to	think.	But	then	they

accused	Kandi.	I	thought	she’d	be	released,	but	then	all	the	evidence	pointed	to

her	committing	the	murder.”

The	 doorbell	 rang.	 They	 glanced	 over	 to	 see	 a	 man	 standing	 outside	 the entry.	The	lawyer	had	arrived.

Eliza	stood	to	answer	the	door,	but	Anne	pulled	on	her	arm,	“One	last	thing.

Why	did	you	move	the	axe?”

“I	didn’t	move	it.”





Chapter	Twenty-One

Anne	hugged	Eliza.	“Be	strong.	We’re	going	to	keep	working	on	this.”

Eliza	 didn’t	 respond	 but	 nodded.	 The	 attorney	 had	 informed	 the	 police	 that he	would	escort	Eliza	to	the	station	where	she	would	turn	herself	in.	Eliza	got	in the	lawyer’s	Mercedes.

Anne	followed	the	pair	in	her	truck.	After	the	Mercedes	turned	onto	the	main

road,	a	cruiser	pulled	in	behind	the	attorney’s	vehicle.	Looked	like	the	sheriff’s office	was	ensuring	Eliza’s	arrival.

Sheriff	Carson.	She	saw	his	frown	at	seeing	her	as	he	drove	past.

“Shoot.	 Bet	 I’ll	 be	 getting	 a	 visit	 later	 today.”	 Anne	 made	 no	 move	 to	 join the	 parade.	 Her	 hands	 tightly	 gripped	 the	 steering	 wheel.	 Poor	 Eliza.	 Her outward	facade	hid	a	broken	reality	of	a	life	brutally	torn	apart.	Anne	felt	certain Eliza	 had	 never	 intended	 to	 kill	 Ralph	 or	 hurt	 Kandi	 in	 the	 process.	 Now	 she needed	 their	 help.	 But	 something	 she’d	 said	 while	 recounting	 her	 story	 kept nibbling	at	Anne’s	mind.

Anne	 yanked	 her	 phone	 from	 her	 purse.	 She	 told	 Kandi	 about	 Eliza’s

confession	and	she	agreed	to	be	at	Anne’s	house	by	the	time	Anne	arrived.

Kandi	 sat	 at	 the	 kitchen	 table.	 She	 jumped	 up	 when	 Anne	 entered.	 “I	 can’t believe	it!	I	can’t	see	Eliza, like,	hurting	anyone.”

“I	 agree.	 But	 she	 acknowledges	 she	 was	 at	 the	 scene	 when	 the	 murder

occurred.”	The	pair	sat	in	the	ladder-	back	chairs.

“Hmmm,	I’m	 like,	I	mean,	I’m	happy	that	they	won’t	think	it’s	me	anymore, and	 like,	bummed	it’s	Eliza.”	She	twisted	her	mouth	to	the	side,	biting	the	inside of	her	cheek.

“Listen,	I	think	we	need	to	go	back	over	that	day.	Or	even	maybe	from	the

time	I	saw	you	with	Ralph.”

“Let	me	think.”	Her	gaze	rose	to	the	left.	She	tilted	her	head	right.	“Let’s	see.

So	Rusty	had	gotten	in	Ralph’s	tomatoes— again	.”

“Speaking	of	Rusty,	I	know	you	said	she	disappeared.

Any	news?”

“Craziest	 thing.	 All	 I	 can	 figure	 is	 she	 must	 have	 gotten	 out	 of	 the	 run.	 I know	 a	 bunch	 of	 foxes	 and	 other	 critters	 live	 in	 the	 forest.	 So	 I’m	 sure	 she’s gone	 for	 good.	 I	 know	 it’s	 silly,	 but	 I	 cried	 for	 days.	 Everyone	 thought	 it	 was about	Ralph,	and	I	know	we	were	neighbors	and	all,	but	I	barely	knew	him.	He

kept	pretty	much	to	himself.”	She	shrugged	her	shoulders	sheepishly.

“All	right.	Rabbit	trail.	So	you	went	over	to	get	her,	and	that’s	when	you	two

got	into	a	fight.”

“Yep.	He	had	Rusty	in	one	hand	and	the	axe	in	his	other.	I	grabbed	the	axe

handle	to	block	him	hurting	Rusty.”

“That’s	when	I	came	around	the	lilacs,”	Anne	interjected.

Kandi	stuck	her	chin	in	the	air.	“Yep.	That’s	right.”	“So	you	were	worried	he

was	going	to	kill	Rusty.	Is	that	right?”

“Not	really.	I	think	he’d	been	chopping	wood.	If	I	get	up	early	to	see	Jeff	off

for	business	trips,	I	can	sometimes	hear	him.”

“How	early	would	you	say?”

“Well,	I	guess	it	would	be	around	four…or	five	in	the	morning.	Those	early

flights	are	bad	enough	without	the	other	nonsense	you	have	to	deal	with	at	the

airports.”

Kandi	twirled	her	hair	with	a	finger.	“So	then	I	think, like,	yes,	you	stepped too	close	to	the	compost	pile	and, like,	fell	into	it.”	She	snickered	a	bit.	“It	was kinda	funny.	Your	arms	doing	a	cartwheel.”	She	stood	and	mimicked	Anne’s	fall

into	the	pile.	Her	face	contorted	in	exaggerated	horror.

“Yes.	Ha.	Ha.	Real	funny.	Let’s	stay	on	track.	Then	what	happened?”

Kandi	sat	back	down.	“Umm,	let	me	think.	I	got	Rusty,	and	Ralph	kept	the

axe.	I	came	over	to	help	you	up.”

“What	was	Ralph	doing	then?”

“I	 think	 he	 put	 the	 axe	 down	 on	 the	 stump	 he	 used	 to	 split	 wood.”	 Kandi crossed	to	the	refrigerator	and	pulled	out	a	container	of	juice.	She	retrieved	two glasses	and	poured	them	each	some	before	sitting	back	down.

“Then	what	happened?”	Anne	took	a	sip	of	the	cold,	tangy	grapefruit	juice.

“You	were	there	for	the	rest.	Ralph, like,	told	me	to	keep	my	chicken	out	of his	tomatoes,	and	I	stuck	out	my	tongue	at	him.”

“When	did	Rusty	disappear?”

“About	that	same	time.	I	took	Rusty	home	and	put	her	in	the	run.	I	called	Jeff

and	told	him	about	what	had	happened	with	Ralph.	He	couldn’t	talk	because	he

was	in	some	kind	of	meeting	with	some, like,	bigwigs.”



“Okay,	 let’s	 forget	 the	 chicken	 for	 now.	 Fast	 forward	 to	 when	 you	 found Ralph.”

Kandi	grimaced.	“I	couldn’t	find	Rusty.	I	figured	I	better	go	see	if	she’d	gone

to	Ralph’s.	I	didn’t	want	him	getting	mad	again.	I	cut	through	over	to	his	yard.

He	 was	 lying	 face	 down	 on	 the	 compost	 pile.	 I	 turned	 him	 over	 and…that’s when	 I	 saw	 the	 blood.	 Then	 I	 looked	 down	 and	 saw	 the	 blood	 all	 over	 my hands.”	She	closed	her	eyes	and	took	a	deep	breath.	“I	started	screaming.”	She

opened	her	eyes	full	of	unshed	tears.	“That’s	when	you	came.”

Anne	 reached	 over	 and	 hugged	 Kandi.	 “You’re	 the	 best.	 Thank	 you!”	 She

jumped	up	and	performed	a	little	victory	dance.	“I	think	I	may	have	just	solved

the	crime!”	She	squealed.	“I	can’t	believe	it.	I	think	I	figured	it	out.	Just	like	a real	detective.”	She	plopped	back	in	her	seat.	“We	have	to	have	a	meeting	so	I

can	present	my	hypothesis.”

“Your	what?”	Kandi	stared	at	Anne	like	she’d	sprouted	horns.

“My	 hypothesis.”	 She	 saw	 Kandi’s	 puzzled	 expression.	 “What	 I	 think

happened	to	Ralph.”

“Oh,	okay.	Where	should	we	meet?”

“Where	 else	 does	 everyone	 meet	 when	 the	 crime	 is	 going	 to	 be	 solved—in the	library!”

Sorcha	had	agreed	to	let	them	to	use	the	library’s	alcove.	Anne	set	to	work

attaching	the	information	she’d	collected	from	her	dining	room	wall.	She’d	also

gone	to	Sheriff	Carson	and	asked	if	he’d	be	willing	to	allow	her	to	present	her

ideas	before	he	took	Eliza	off	to	Denver.	Reluctantly,	he’d	agreed	to	attend	and

listen,	 even	 though	 Anne	 guessed	 it	 was	 more	 to	 see	 her	 make	 a	 fool	 out	 of herself.	 However,	 he	 wouldn’t	 allow	 Eliza	 to	 be	 present	 at	 the	 meeting.	 When Anne	 told	 Eliza	 she’d	 be	 allowed	 to	 connect	 to	 the	 meeting	 online,	 Eliza informed	her	reluctant	lawyer	that	she	would	attend.

Sorcha	had	lit	a	fire	in	the	room	and	provided	herbal	tea,	coffee,	and	cookies.

The	cozy	atmosphere	made	it	difficult	to	envision	a	discussion	of	murder.	Anne

glanced	 nervously	 at	 the	 group	 as	 people	 entered	 and	 took	 their	 seats.	 Kandi walked	 in	 with	 Jeff	 whose	 demeanor	 announced	 he	 didn’t	 want	 to	 be	 there.

Kandi	 found	 a	 seat	 next	 to	 Hope,	 who	 set	 down	 a	 bag	 close	 to	 a	 chair	 she’d pulled	 up	 for	 her	 mother.	 Sam	 sat	 in	 a	 chair	 next	 to	 the	 fireplace	 munching	 on one	 of	 Sorcha’s	 chocolate	 cookies.	 Missy	 had	 begged	 to	 stay	 but	 had	 been shooed	 off	 by	 Sorcha.	 Stewart	 made	 his	 way	 in,	 quickly	 glanced	 around,	 and stood	with	his	shoulder	resting	against	the	wall.	He	sat	down	when	a	chair	was

procured	from	the	other	room.	Finally,	in	strode	Carson	and	a	deputy.

As	the	sheriff	passed	Sorcha,	the	woman	touched	her	hair,	lowered	her	eyes,

and	provided	him	with	a	sultry	sounding	hello.

Carson	 and	 Sorcha?	 Who	 would	 have	 guessed?	 No	 time	 to	 consider	 local romances	now.	Stay	focused.

While	everyone	settled,	Sam	set	up	the	computer’s	online	meeting	software.

After	ensuring	Eliza	and	her	attorney	could	hear	and	see	the	room,	Anne	spoke.

“First,	 thank	 you	 all	 for	 coming.	 It’s	 of	 utmost	 importance	 since	 Eliza	 will	 be entering	 her	 not-guilty	 plea	 in	 the	 next	 few	 weeks.”	 Murmurs	 went	 around	 the room	at	her	last	statement.	“I’d	also	like	to	say	thank	you	to	Sheriff	Carson	who allowed	me	to	present	my	thoughts	to	you.”

Everyone	turned	to	look	at	Carson.	He	said,	“Go	ahead.	I’m	all	ears.”

Anne	set	out	to	present	her	case	calmly	and	clearly.	“As	you	may	have	heard,

Eliza	confessed	to	murdering	Ralph.”

Eliza’s	lawyer	objected,	but	she	silenced	him.

Anne	 smiled.	 No	 way	 could	 she	 deal	 with	 a	 seasoned	 lawyer	 constantly

interrupting	 her.	 “As	 you	 also	 know,	 I’m	 new	 to	 this	 town.	 Kandi’s	 the	 first person	I	met,	and	she	was	a	lifesaver	when	I	injured	myself	right	after	arriving.

I’ve	 gotten	 to	 know	 most	 of	 you	 in	 the	 last	 few	 months.	 However,	 I’m	 still	 an outsider.	 And	 being	 an	 outsider	 sometimes	 allows	 you	 to	 hear	 or	 see	 things others	may	miss.	So	that’s	why	I’ve	called	you	here	today.	I	want	to	prove	that	I have	good	reason	to	believe,

unequivocally,	that	Eliza	did	not	kill	Ralph.	And	neither	did	Kandi.”

Eliza’s	lawyer	relaxed	back	into	his	chair.	Carson	continued	to	gaze	at	Anne

with	a	doubtful	expression	on	his	face.

Anne	 straightened.	 “When	 Kandi	 was	 arrested	 for	 Ralph’s	 murder,	 we	 all

came	 together	 to	 consider	 anyone	 who	 could	 have	 caused	 his	 death.	 I	 took	 the information	you	all	had	provided.	As	you	can	see,	I’ve	recreated	it	on	this	wall.

What	 you	 see	 are	 the	 names	 of	 almost	 everyone	 here.	 I	 removed	 other	 names mentioned	before	after	confirming	their	alibis	through	local	sources.	So	what	we

have	left	are	the	following	people:	Kandi,	Jeff—”

“I	wasn’t	even	in	town	when	it	happened,”	Jeff	interrupted.

“Please.	I	will	get	to	everyone	in	turn.”	“Stewart…”

Stewart	harrumphed	and	crossed	his	arms	over	his	chest.	Under	his	breath	he

said,	“Waste	of	time.”

“Hope,	 Faith,	 and	 of	 course,	 Eliza.”	 “What	 about	 you	 ?”	 The	 sheriff interjected.

Anne	 sighed.	 Why	 was	 he	 trying	 to	 rile	 her?	 “I	 was	 sleeping.	 I’d	 dropped into	bed	after	painting	the	front	rooms.	I	also	sleep	with	a	white	noise	machine.

This	accounts	for	why	I	didn’t	hear	anything.	Also,	I	have	absolutely	 no	 motive.

None.	 Nada.	 Of	 course,	 you	 can	 certainly	 keep	 me	 as	 a	 suspect.	 Now,	 please, may	I	continue?”

Carson	pursed	his	lips	to	hide	his	smirk.	He	nodded	for	her	to	continue.

“Okay.	First	we	have	to	start	with	the	victim.	Ralph,

by	 all	 accounts,	 was	 lacking	 a	 bit	 in	 people	 skills.	 This	 left	 many	 people angry	or	at	least	not	happy	with	him,	but	it	doesn’t	account	for	anyone	wanting

to	murder	him.”

She	pointed	to	a	diagram	of	the	area	of	Ralph’s	back	yard.	“The	scene	of	the

murder.”	It	showed	the	house,	the	compost	pile,	the	wood	pile,	the	lilac	bushes

separating	their	yards,	the	path	to	the	forest	trail,	and	the	way	to	Kandi’s	house, including	the	garage	and	coop.

“Does	this	look	accurate	to	everyone?”

They	all	nodded.

Carson	stood	motionless.	Watching.

“Okay.	 Here	 is	 where	 Ralph’s	 body	 was	 found.”	 She	 pulled	 a	 translucent sheet	 over	 the	 white	 paper.	 This	 page	 had	 been	 marked	 with	 the	 location	 of Ralph’s	body	on	the	compost	pile.	Several	in	the	room	cringed.

“Now	 let’s	 begin	 with	 the	 timing	 of	 the	 events	 according	 to	 what	 has	 been shared	thus	far.	Right	after	I	moved	in,	I	heard	screaming	coming	from	the	next

yard.	When	I	arrived,	I	found	Ralph	telling	Kandi	to	keep	her	chicken	out	of	his

tomatoes.	He	held	an	axe	in	one	hand	and	Rusty’s	neck	in	the	other.	Kandi	was

holding	 Rusty	 and	 also	 clutching	 the	 axe.	 Her	 pushing	 back	 against	 Ralph explains	how	Kandi’s	fingerprints	got	on	the	axe	handle.	However…”

Anne	threw	a	marker	toward	Kandi.	“Catch!”	Kandi	grabbed	the	marker	with

her	left	hand.

“Kandi’s	left-handed.	She	was	holding	Rusty	in	her	left	hand	and	pushing	on

the	 axe	 with	 her	 right.	 If	 she	 had	 attacked	 Ralph	 with	 the	 axe,	 she	 would	 have most	likely	used	her	dominant	hand.”	She	took	the	marker	back	from	Kandi.

Out	of	the	corner	of	her	eye,	Carson	threw	a	piece	of	crumpled-up	paper	at

her.	 With	 her	 right	 hand	 holding	 the	 marker,	 she	 reached	 out	 and	 caught	 the paper	with	her	left	hand.

Drat.	That	man.

“Okay.	Yes,	technically	you	will	use	whatever	hand	is	available	but	it’s	still

something	 to	 consider,	 right?”	 She	 queried	 the	 sheriff	 who	 responded	 with	 a miniscule	nod.	“Now	let	me	continue.	The	thing	was…Ralph	had	no	intention	of

killing	 the	 chicken.	 He	 was	 simply	 finishing	 his	 morning’s	 wood	 chopping.”

Anne	took	a	quick	look	round	the	room,	then	continued.

“Then	 I	 arrived.	 As	 I	 backed	 up,	 my	 foot	 hit	 the	 moist	 compost.	 It	 was

extremely	slippery	and	before	I	knew	it	I’d	fallen	into	the	pile.	Ralph	set	the	axe down	and	he	and	Kandi	helped	me	up.	Well,	for	a	bit,	anyway.”	Kandi	grinned	at

Anne’s	unspoken	admonition.

Anne	 twisted	 to	 face	 Stewart.	 He	 scowled	 at	 her.	 “I’d	 spoken	 with	 Stewart about	his	uncle	and	he’d	told	me	Ralph	enjoyed	his	visits	with	Kandi.	Truth	be

told,	 he	 could’ve	 easily	 put	 up	 a	 fence.	 Or	 used	 another	 method	 to	 stop	 the chicken	 from	 coming	 into	 his	 yard.	 But	 this	 was	 a	 way	 to	 interact	 with	 Kandi.

Stewart	said	Ralph	thought	Kandi	was	a	strong	young	woman.	He	was	proud	of

her.”

“Really?”	Kandi	turned	to	Stewart.	“Is	this	true?”

Stewart	nodded.	“He	thought	you	had	a	steel	spine	to	have	made	it	after	your

mama	 did	 what	 she	 did.	 He	 used	 to	 tell	 me,	 ‘That	 girl	 has	 gumption.	 She’ll achieve	anything	she	wants	if…’”

Kandi	goaded	him.	“If	what?”

“Um…I	can’t	recall,”	Stewart	stumbled.

Anne	caught	Stewart’s	poor	attempt	at	an	obvious	lie.	“Let	me	refresh	your

memory,	Stewart.	Might	it	have	been	something	like,	‘…if	she	wasn’t	married	to

Jeff?’”

“Hey!”	Jeff	jumped	from	his	seat.	“What’s	the	meaning	of	this?”

Stewart	nodded.

Kandi	patted	Jeff’s	arm,	but	he	swatted	her	hand	away.	“I	don’t	have	to	listen

to	this.”

Carson	stepped	forward.	“Take	a	seat.”	Jeff	reluctantly	obeyed.

Anne	 continued.	 “Store	 surveillance	 worked	 on	 Stewart’s	 behalf.	 He’d

parked	 his	 vehicle	 in	 a	 parking	 lot	 that	 captured	 him	 and	 his	 van	 on	 the	 night Ralph	died.	So	Stewart	is	cleared.”	Anne	drew	a	red	X	over	his	name.	Turning	to

face	 the	 computer	 screen,	 Anne	 addressed	 Eliza.	 “Eliza,	 I’m	 going	 to	 continue with	you.	You	told	me	the	other	evening	that	you’d	been	taking	a	sleeping	aid,

then	stopped.	I	looked	it	up	on	the	internet.	You	can	readily	find	that	it’s	known to	 cause	 anxiety,	 walking	 and	 driving	 in	 your	 sleep,	 hallucinations,	 even homicidal	or	suicidal	thoughts.	That’s	also	why	you	continued	to	carry	out	your

morning	 jogging	 routine.	 It	 was	 an	 ingrained	 habit	 imprinted	 on	 your

subconscious.”

Eliza	started	to	say	something	before	her	lawyer	motioned	her	to	stay	quiet.

Anne	went	on.	“Now,	on	the	day	in	question,	you	rose	at	your	normal	time

around	five	for	your	run.	As	usual,	you	had	on	your	jogging	outfit,	a	balaclava

on	your	hair,	and	your	gloves.	As	you	ran	on	the	forest	path,	a	noise	cut	through your	slumber-jog,	for	lack	of	a	better	word.

It	was	Ralph	chopping	wood.	As	an	early	riser,	he	liked	to	get	in	some	work

before	the	sun	came	up.	Another	habit.	But	this	day	was	different.”

She	paused.	“Because	someone	 else	 was	there	that	morning.”

All	eyes	followed	her	as	she	turned	toward	Faith.	Anne	bent	down	in	front	of

Faith.	The	elderly	woman’s	eyes	were	bright.

Anne’s	voice	was	soft	and	soothing.	“Faith,	did	you	go	visit	Ralph?”

Faith	 took	 Anne’s	 face	 in	 her	 hands.	 “He	 loved	 me,	 you	 know.	 He	 always loved	me.”

Anne	 nodded.	 “I	 know.”	 She	 took	 the	 woman’s	 fragile	 hands	 and	 placed

them	back	in	her	lap.	Hope	edged	closer	to	her	mother.

Anne	 addressed	 Eliza.	 “I	 wish	 you	 could	 recall	 your	 entire	 ‘dream’”—she made	quotes	in	the	air	with	her	fingers—but	this	is	what	I	think	really	happened.

She	 grabbed	 a	 pencil	 and	 drew	 a	 dotted	 line	 on	 the	 vellum	 paper.	 “Faith	 was walking	 across	 the	 yard.	 She	 wore	 a	 felt	 cloche	 hat.”	 She	 turned	 and	 spoke softly.	“Hope?”

Hope	lifted	a	brown	paper	sack	from	inside	the	bag	she’d	brought	with	her.

Hesitating	 for	 a	 brief	 moment,	 she	 opened	 it	 to	 reveal	 a	 dark	 red	 hat.	 It	 lay crumpled,	 stained,	 and	 stiff.	 Underneath	 was	 what	 appeared	 to	 be	 a	 bloody cotton	nightdress.

“I	contacted	Hope	yesterday	with	my	theory,	and	she	shared	with	me	about

these	 items.	 She	 hadn’t	 shared	 them	 before	 because	 she	 figured	 it	 had	 been	 an accident,	and	she	had	faith	that	Kandi	would	be	proven	innocent	of	the	charges.”

Carson	 immediately	 ordered	 the	 deputy	 to	 take	 the	 items	 from	 Hope.	 The deputy	 stood	 behind	 Hope	 and	 her	 mother.	 Hope	 addressed	 the	 group.	 “I’m sorry.	We	can’t	bring	him	back.	What	would	it	serve…I’m	sorry,	Kandi,	I	didn’t

—”

Anne	interrupted.	“Wait,	Hope.	As	Paul	Harvey	used	to	say,	we	need	to	hear

the	rest	of	the	story.”	She	got	the	nod	from	Carson	to	continue.	“As	you	can	see, Faith	 is	 a	 very	 petite	 woman.	 It	 was	 dark,	 and	 she	 wore	 a	 hat	 that	 covered	 her gray	hair.	In	a	dreamlike	state	and	at	a	distance,	Eliza	could	have	easily	mistaken Faith	 for	 someone	 much	 younger.	 Maybe	 even,	 depending	 on	 the	 tricks	 of	 the mind—a	younger	sister.”

Eliza	let	out	a	sob	and	brought	her	fist	to	her	mouth	in	dismay.

“So	Eliza,	you’re	running.	Through	the	opening	into	Ralph’s	yard	you	see	a

white	 man	 holding	 an	 axe.	 A	 young	 woman	 advancing.	 He	 moves	 toward	 her.

You	won’t	let	him	hurt	her—not	this	time.	You	sprint	to	him.	There’s	a	struggle.

Ralph,	 who’s	 already	 in	 ill	 health,	 has	 a	 hard	 time	 fighting	 you	 off.	 He	 either throws	the	axe	in	the	compost	pile	or	it	falls	during	the	struggle.	He	pushes	you away	 or	 you	 both	 collapse.	 From	 your	 description,	 the	 struggle	 resulted	 in	 you both	 being	 knocked	 out.	 However,	 for	 you,	 it	 may	 have	 actually	 knocked	 you

into	some	wakefulness.”

Anne	 faced	 Sam.	 “Am	 I	 correct	 that	 during	 your	 autopsy	 you	 found	 Ralph had	also	experienced	a	heart	attack?”

Sam	 addressed	 the	 group.	 “Yes.	 It	 looks	 like	 he’d	 been	 having	 myocardial infractions	for	some	time,	but	he	must	have	simply	disregarded	them.	During	our

investigation	 his	 doctor	 said	 he’d	 been	 complaining	 of	 chest	 pains.	 But	 he’d refused	more	testing.”

She	 paused	 and	 looked	 at	 Carson.	 “Now	 I	 know	 that	 all	 of	 that	 is	 pure conjecture.”	 He	 nodded	 an	 affirmative.	 Anne	 turned	 and	 spoke.	 “So	 with	 your lawyer’s	permission,	Eliza,	I’d	like	you	to	tell	me	and	the	others	what	you	saw

after	you	came	to.”

Eliza	brushed	off	her	lawyer’s	call	to	silence.	“I	don’t	know	if	it	woke	me	up,

but	I	certainly	became	conscious.	Ralph	was	lying	on	the	ground.	His	eyes	were

closed.	Fear	coursed	through	me.	I	was	afraid	I’d	killed	him.	I	ran.”

“Thank	 you.”	 Anne	 turned	 to	 Kandi.	 “Kandi,	 the	 next	 morning	 I	 came

running	over	when	I	heard	you	screaming	for	help.	Correct?”

Kandi	swallowed	and	nodded.

Anne	 pulled	 another	 vellum	 sheet	 down	 over	 the	 other	 clear	 sheet.	 “Here’s where	 I	 found	 Kandi	 kneeling	 by	 Ralph.	 Her	 hands	 were	 covered	 in	 blood.

Kandi,	 please	 tell	 us	 what	 happened	 that	 morning.	 And	 this	 is	 already	 on	 the record.	Right?”	Anne	spoke	to	the	sheriff.

Carson	nodded.	“Correct.”

Kandi	gulped,	and	then	steadied	her	voice.	“Rusty	had	gone	missing.	I	went

to	 Ralph’s	 to	 collect	 her	 before	 he	 got	 mad	 again.	 I	 saw	 Ralph	 lying	 on	 the compost	pile.”

“Wait.	 Stop	 there. How	 was	 he	 lying?”	 “What	 do	 you	 mean?”	 Kandi	 tilted her	head.

“Face	up,	facedown?”	Anne	flipped	the	palm	of	her	hand.

“Oh,	facedown.”

Anne	nodded.	“Continue.”

“I	 said,	 Ralph,	 did	 you	 do	 a	 face	 plant?	 You	 know,	 like	 what	 you	 did	 the other	 day,	 Anne.”	 She	 chuckled,	 then	 became	 sober.	 “But	 he	 didn’t	 respond.	 I turned	him	over	and…that’s	when	I	saw	all	the	blood.	I	must	have	tried	to	help

him,	but	it	was	no	use.	He	was	dead.	Then	you	showed	up.	I	have	a	hard	time

remembering	clearly	after	that.”

“That’s	okay.	What	did	you	do	with	the	axe?”	Anne	asked.

“The	axe?”	Kandi	stared	up	at	Anne.

“Yes.	Why	did	you	move	it?	Why	put	it	in	your	own	yard?”

“I	didn’t.	I’ve	said	this	over	and	over.	There	was	 no	 axe!”

Anne	spoke	to	Eliza.	“Did	you	take	the	axe?”	Eliza	shook	her	head.	“No.	I just	ran.”

Anne	 saw	 she	 now	 had	 the	 sheriff’s	 undivided	 attention,	 but	 his	 eyebrows were	raised.	He	wasn’t	sold	yet.

She	turned	back	to	Faith.	“Faith,	you	loved	Ralph	very	much.”

Faith	looked	up	at	her.	“Yes.”

Anne	hunched	down	next	to	the	frail	woman.	“Faith,	did	you	kill	Ralph?”





Chapter	Twenty-Two

Hope	bristled.	“Don’t	talk	to	my	mother	that	way.”

Faith	 patted	 Hope’s	 hand.	 She	 raised	 her	 daughter’s	 hand	 to	 her	 lips	 and kissed	it.	“He	loved	you	so	much.”

The	 elderly	 woman	 smiled	 at	 Anne.	 “He	 was	 going	 to	 take	 me	 home.	 That woman	 in	 the	 TV”—she	 pointed	 at	 Eliza’s	 face—“ran	 away.	 He	 was	 on	 the ground	asleep.	But	then	he	woke	up.	He	saw	me	kneeling	next	to	him.	He	kissed

my	hand.”	She	stroked	her	hand.	Then	she	stopped.

The	 room	 was	 quiet	 when	 she	 continued.	 “He	 got	 up	 from	 the	 ground.	 He said	he’d	take	me	home.	But	he	didn’t.	He	kept	moaning.	He	fell	on	the	pile.	I

waited.	But	I	started	getting	so	cold.”	She	paused.	“I	like	cold	ice	cream.”

Anne	 had	 to	 get	 answers	 quickly	 before	 Faith	 faded	 away.	 “Faith,	 what

happened	next?”

The	woman	gazed	up	at	Anne.	“I	turned	him	over.	He	was	so	heavy.	I	saw

the	 axe.	 I	 pulled	 my	 hat	 off	 and	 tried	 to	 stop	 the	 bleeding.	 It	 wouldn’t	 stop.	 I used	my	hat	and	pulled	the	axe	out.”

Anne	 turned	 to	 Sam.	 “I	 think	 if	 you	 take	 that	 hat	 in	 for	 testing,	 you’ll	 find Ralph’s	blood	on	it.	It’s	also	the	reason	Faith’s	fingerprints	weren’t	on	the	axe.”

Sam	nodded.	“May	also	confirm	the	unidentified	fibers	we	found	on	scene.”

She	turned	back.	Faith	gaze	was	unfocused.

Oh	 no.	 Please	 let	 her	 stay	 lucid	 a	 bit	 longer. She	 took	 the	 woman’s	 hand.

“What	did	you	do	with	the	axe,	Faith?”

“I	 turned	 him	 back	 over	 so	 he	 could	 sleep	 on	 his	 stomach.	 He	 could	 sleep there	 forever.”	 She	 smiled.	 Faith’s	 thoughts	 were	 becoming	 jumbled	 between fantasy	and	reality.

“What	about	the	axe,	Faith?	Did	you	move	it?”	Anne	implored.

“He	uses	his	axe	every	day.	I	left	it	so	he	could	chop	wood.	He	likes	to	chop

wood.	Sometimes	I	go	visit	him	while	she’s”—she	motioned	at	Hope—“asleep.”

She	bent	her	head	and	put	a	finger	to	her	lips.

Anne	stood	up	and	stretched	her	back.	She	moved	to	the	front	of	the	room.

“This	 is	 what	 I	 believe	 happened.	 Eliza,	 in	 a	 hallucination,	 thought	 she	 was saving	Faith	from	a	slave	trafficker.”	Others	in	the	room	sucked	in	their	breath	at these	 words.	 “Eliza	 and	 Ralph	 struggled.	 Both	 fell,	 but	 neither	 was	 seriously hurt.	Eliza	came	to	first,	thought	Ralph	was	dead,	and	ran.	However,	when	Ralph

woke,	he	spied	the	axe	in	the	compost	pile.	He	either	reached	for	it	or	then	had	a heart	attack	or	both	happened	concurrently.	He	slipped,	which	I	can	tell	you	from firsthand	 experience	 is	 very	 easy	 to	 do	 when	 you’re	 close	 to	 that	 pile.	 He	 then fell	on	the	axe.	It	was	a	fluke	accident	that	Ralph	fell	and	hit	the	sharp	edge.”

She	turned	to	Sam.	“As	our	coroner,	is	this	scenario	plausible?”

“Yes.	 You	 wouldn’t	 believe	 some	 of	 the	 things	 I’ve	 seen.	 People	 have	 all sorts	of	strange	ways	of	killing	themselves.	I	remember	this	one	time—”

“Thanks,	Sam.”	Anne	didn’t	want	to	hear	about	the	coroner’s	gruesome	find.

“So,	Faith	pulled	the	axe	from	Ralph,	but	he	was	mortally	wounded.	The	axe	had

missed	 his	 chest	 and	 he’d	 fallen	 on	 his	 stomach.	 Sam	 can	 concur	 if	 the	 fatal wound	hit	one	of	Ralph’s	vital	organs.”	Sam	cleared	his	throat	and	spoke	clearly.

“The	wound	penetrated	Ralph’s	soft	tissue	as	well	as	his	intestines,	kidney,	and

liver.”	 He	 patted	 his	 abdomen.	 “As	 you	 all	 heard,	 Ralph	 had	 already	 been experiencing	 some	 heart	 issues.	 Since	 he	 didn’t	 receive	 aid	 quickly,	 he succumbed	to	his	injuries.	Though	I	seriously	doubt	Ralph	would	have	survived

anyway.	 I’m	 fairly	 confident	 he	 would	 have	 had	 a	 fatal	 heart	 attack	 within	 the next	few	days.	Big	blockages	in	his	arteries.”

“Thanks,	 Sam.”	 Anne	 turned	 back	 to	 the	 group.	 “As	 you	 just	 heard,	 Faith had	 taken	 the	 axe	 and	 put	 it	 next	 to	 the	 woodpile.	 She	 swiveled	 to	 face	 Hope.

“When	you	went	to	get	your	mother	that	morning,	was	she	in	her	bed?”

After	taking	a	deep	breath,	Hope	responded.	“No,	she	wasn’t	in	her	bed.	She

was	out	on	the	back	porch,	rocking	back	and	forth.	She	was	crying	and	holding

her	hat.	Her	feet	and	gown	were	covered	in	mud	and	muck.	At	least	I	thought	it

was	mud	at	the	time.	I	stripped	her	clothing	and	put	her	in	a	bath.	Then	I	heard

mom	saying	strange	things	about	Ralph.	I	ran	over	to	see	if	he’d	been	hurt	and

that’s	 when	 I	 saw	 everything.	 I	 realized	 then	 that	 her	 clothes	 were	 covered	 in blood.	I	knew	she	couldn’t	have	killed	him.	So	I	stuck	the	items	in	a	bag,	and	I

haven’t	touched	them	since.	Later,	I	wondered	if	she	had	killed	him	because	of

his	rejection	of	her	all	those	years	ago.	But	no	matter	what,	I	knew	it	would	do

no	good	for	them	to	prosecute	her.”

Faith	reached	over	and	patted	Hope	on	the	head	like	a	mother	would	do	to	a

toddler.	“Don’t	cry,	baby.	It’s	okay.”

Carson	motioned	for	Sam	to	escort	Faith	out	of	the	room.

Anne	looked	back	at	the	group.	“All	this	time,	Hope	thought	her	mother	had

killed	 Ralph.	 But	 when	 she	 heard	 about	 Kandi,	 she	 thought	 that	 vindicated	 her mother.	Correct?”

Hope	nodded.	She	began	weeping.	“I’m	sorry,	Kandi.

I	didn’t	know	what	to	do.”

Anne	spoke	up.	“But	we	have	to	go	back	to	an	important	part	of	the	story.”

“The	axe.”	The	sheriff’s	voice	echoed	across	the	room.	“Yes.”	Anne	nodded

at	the	chief,	who	signaled	for	her	to	continue.	“That	is	a	major	missing	piece.	If Kandi	had	killed	Ralph,	then	why	would	she	be	stupid	enough	to	hide	the	axe	in

her	own	yard,	where	it	was	bound	to	be	found?	It	just	didn’t	make	sense.”	She

smiled	at	the	young	woman.	“I	know	Kandi.	And	she’s	a	smart	young	lady.	So

why	take	the	axe	at	all?”	Anne	scanned	the	group.

“Ralph	 died	 due	 to	 a	 tragic	 accident.	 But	 someone	 wanted	 to	 gain	 from	 his death.”	With	a	marker,	Anne	drew	X’s	through	names	on	the	wall.

One	name	remained.

Jeff’s	 fidgeting	 worsened.	 Kandi	 slowly	 turned	 from	 Anne	 to	 her	 husband and	 back.	 Anne	 spoke	 to	 Kandi.	 “I’m	 sorry,	 sweetie.	 I	 truly	 am.”	 She	 reached behind	 a	 chair	 and	 uncovered	 a	 large	 black	 plastic	 bag.	 Inside,	 another	 clear plastic	bag	showed	the	outline	of	a	dead	chicken	sans	head.	She	then	pulled	out	a freezer	bag	with	a	head	in	it.	Rusty.

“Rusty!”	Kandi	teared	up.	“What?	Where?”

“Kandi,”	 Anne	 spoke	 softly	 to	 the	 crying	 woman.	 “What	 happens	 in	 a	 few months?”

“What	do	you	mean?”	Kandi	wiped	her	eyes.	Anne	waited.

“My	inheritance.”	Kandi’s	voice	rose.	“My	 inheritance?

Jeff?	How	could	you!”

Anne	 spoke	 loudly	 and	 quickly.	 “You’d	 told	 Jeff	 about	 Ralph	 threatening Rusty.	He	doesn’t	care	about	your	chickens.	He	made	that	evident	the	first	time	I met	him.	His	trip	had	already	concluded,	and	he’d	decided	to	come	home	early.

Unfortunately,	 he	 made	 the	 mistake	 of	 taking	 the	 shuttle,	 and	 of	 course,	 they keep	records.”	Anne	produced	a	piece	of	paper.

Jeff	jumped	from	his	seat,	but	the	deputy	put	a	hand	on	his	shoulder,	and	he

sat	back	down.

Anne	handed	the	paper	to	the	sheriff.	“As	I	said,	Jeff	had	taken	the	red-eye.

The	 shuttle	 dropped	 him	 off,	 and	 he	 decided	 to	 cut	 between	 Ralph’s	 and	 his house	 instead	 of	 taking	 the	 long	 driveway	 to	 the	 back.	 That’s	 where	 he	 spied Faith	wandering	the	back	yard	in	her	bloody	clothing.	He’s	the	one	who	found

the	axe	where	Faith	had	put	it.”

She	 turned	 to	 Jeff.	 “I	 bet	 you	 couldn’t	 believe	 your	 luck.	 Here	 was	 your chance	 to	 get	 your	 hands	 on	 Kandi’s	 money	 while	 she	 went	 to	 prison.	 You doubted	Faith	would	even	recall	what	she’d	done—or	at	least	what	you	 thought

she’d	 done.	 But	 you	 wanted	 to	 make	 sure	 that	 no	 one	 would	 doubt	 Kandi	 had done	it.	You	hid	the	axe	in	the	bushes,	and	 you	 killed	Rusty.	Kandi	had	told	you that	she	and	Ralph	had	been	arguing	about	the	chickens	in	his	garden.	You	know

how	much	Kandi	thinks	of	her	chickens	so	it	wouldn’t	be	a	stretch	to	convince

others	 she	 could	 be	 capable	 of	 doing	 something	 rash	 to	 save	 them.	 Even	 a manslaughter	charge	over	 an	accidental	death	 could	put	Kandi	 away	while	you

siphoned	 off	 her	 money.	 I	 couldn’t	 figure	 out	 who	 had	 been	 messing	 with	 the compost	 pile	 since	 it	 had	 already	 been	 searched	 but	 you	 were	 trying	 to incriminate	Kandi.”

The	tension	in	the	air	was	palatable	as	the	group	stared	at	Jeff.

Kandi	rose	and	moved	to	the	chair	next	to	Hope,	who	put	her	arm	around	the

trembling	woman’s	shoulders.

Anne	 addressed	 Carson.	 “I’d	 seen	 someone	 running	 from	 the	 yard	 before	 I got	 knocked	 out.	 It	 turned	 out	 to	 be	 a	 rake,	 not	 someone	 hitting	 me.	 But	 there hadn’t	 been	 a	 rake	 there	 before.	 I	 wondered	 why.	 Then	 I	 remembered	 seeing something	 red	 there.	 But	 it	 had	 snowed	 so	 I	 wasn’t	 able	 to	 see	 what	 it	 was.	 I recently	 went	 back	 and	 noticed	 that	 one	 side	 of	 the	 compost	 looked	 freshly turned.	That’s	when	I	found	Rusty’s	head.”	She	scowled	at	Jeff.	“You	were	going

to	bury	her	entirely,	but	I	stopped	that	when	I	saw	you	that	evening.	Later,	when I	was	in	my	attic,	I	saw	you	retrieve	the	rest	of	the	hen	from	where	you’d	hidden her.”

Anne	stepped	up	to	the	diagram	and	drew	a	large	circle	by	the	woodpile	of

Kandi’s	garage.	“Here.”	She	glanced	over	at	the	sheriff.	“I	believe	if	you	look	in that	area,	you’ll	find	evidence	of	the	chicken,	and	possibly	even	some	of	Ralph’s blood	from	the	axe.”

“Why	 you—”	 Stewart	 pulled	 Jeff	 up	 by	 his	 shirt	 front	 and	 punched	 him	 in the	face.	“How	could	you	do	that	to	Kandi?”

The	 deputy	 quickly	 pulled	 Stewart	 away	 and	 pinned	 his	 arms	 behind	 his

back.

“I	want	this	man	arrested!	He	assaulted	me.	You	all	saw	it!”	Jeff	wiped	blood

from	his	lip.

Kandi	sobbed	into	her	hands.	“I	can’t	believe	it.	I	can’t	believe	it.”

“Oh,	shut	up	your	crying,”	Jeff	spat.	“I	didn’t	kill	the	old	guy.	I	saw	him	fall.

Thought	the	old	broad	had	killed	him.”

Hope	rose	from	her	seat,	her	face	contorted	in	anger.	“And	you	did	nothing?”

Carson	stepped	forward	and	motioned	for	Hope	to	sit.

Jeff’s	 incessant	 rant	 turned	 back	 to	 Kandi.	 “And	 who	 cares	 about	 a	 stupid chicken?	You	and	all	your	dumb	country	stuff.	I’m	sick	of	it.	I	want	a	divorce.”

Carson	moved	over	and	took	Jeff	by	the	arm.

“Hey!	What’re	you	doing?”	Jeff	tried	to	wrestle	away	from	him,	but	Carson

was	much	stronger.

“I	think	we	need	to	go	and	have	a	little	chat	down	at	the	station.”

“About	what?”

“Let’s	see.	How	about	for	starters—tampering	with	a	possible	murder	scene,

obstruction	of	justice,	attempt	to	commit	larceny,	trespassing.	I’m	sure	I’ll	think of	some	others.	Let’s	go.”

He	nodded	to	Anne.	“Good	job,	Nancy	Drew.	Come	visit	me	tomorrow	and

we’ll	work	through	this	idea	of	yours.”

“What	about	Eliza?”

“She	still	has	to	go	through	the	system.”	He	pointed	to	Jeff.	“Deputy.”

The	deputy	escorted	Jeff	out	of	the	room.

“Thank	you,	thank	you.”	Eliza’s	voice	cut	through	the	strange	silent	left	by

their	absence.

Anne	had	forgotten	that	Eliza	and	her	lawyer	were	watching	on	the	computer

screen.	“Yes,	Ms.	 Freemont,”	the	lawyer	 intoned,	“I	believe	 you	have	certainly helped	our	case	if	nothing	more	than	to	establish	reasonable	doubt.”	Without	any

further	comment,	the	screen	went	blank.

After	all	the	other	people	had	left,	Sorcha	entered	the	room	carrying	a	tray.

She	poured	tea	into	a	mug.	“Sit	here.”

Kandi	obeyed.

“I’m	so	stupid.	I’m	always	so	stupid.	I	thought	he	loved	me.”	She	sobbed.

Sorcha	pushed	the	cup	into	Kandi’s	hands.	“Drink.”	She	poured	another	cup

and	handed	it	to	Anne.	After	providing	herself	with	a	cup,	Sorcha	settled	onto	a

nearby	 chair.	 She	 toasted	 Anne.	 “You	 did	 it.	 Your	 theory	 seems	 the	 most plausible,	and	the	facts	seem	to	go	together.”

“I	just	wanted	to	help	Kandi.”

Kandi	looked	up	from	where	she’d	been	staring	into	her	cup.	Suddenly,	she

spat	out,	“I	hate	you.	Everything	was	fine	until	you	came.	You’ve	ruined	my	life.

I	never	want	to	see	you	again.”

“But,	Kandi,	she	helped—”	Sorcha	started.

“Helped	 what?	 Ruin	 my	 marriage?	 Make	 Jeff	 want	 to	 divorce	 me?”	 She

broke	down	crying	into	her	hands	again.

Sorcha	spoke	softly	to	Anne,	“I	think	you	better	leave.”

Anne	 set	 her	 cup	 on	 the	 table.	 Outside	 she	 went	 through	 the	 motions	 of starting	her	car	and	steering	it	home.



Maybe	this	isn’t	the	place	for	me	after	all.	It’s	been	nothing	but	trouble	and heartache.

She	drove	home	in	a	daze.	On	her	back	porch,	she	collapsed	in	a	chair,	where

she	cried	for	everything	she’d	lost	and	for	what	would	never	be.	The	clearing	of

a	man’s	throat	startled	her.	Sam.	She	wiped	her	face	with	her	hands.	She	took	in

a	deep	breath	as	he	joined	her	on	the	porch.

“Come	 here.”	 He	 enveloped	 her	 in	 his	 warm	 embrace.	 “I	 just	 heard	 from Sorcha.	She’s	worried	about	you.	She	told	me	what	Kandi	said.”	He	pulled	her

away	so	as	to	look	in	her	face.	“You	have	to	know	Kandi	doesn’t	mean	it.	She’s

just	hurt	right	now	and	had	to	take	it	out	on	someone.	Unfortunately,	you’re	that someone.”

He	pulled	her	close	again.	“It	will	work	out.	Don’t	worry.	Now	let’s	get	you

inside.	It	looks	like	it	might	rain.”	Opening	the	door,	he	led	her	into	the	kitchen.

“Get	 some	 sleep.	 Don’t	 make	 any	 rash	 decisions.	 I’m	 taking	 the	 evidence over	 to	 the	 medical	 examiner’s	 office	 today.	 I	 also	 think	 Eliza	 may	 be	 able	 to make	bond.	We’ll	see	how	good	her	lawyer	is.”	He	bent	down	and	kissed	her	on

the	cheek.	“It’ll	work	out.	Trust	me.”

The	morning	found	Anne	walking	through	the	house,	envisioning	what	she’d

thought	 of	 doing	 when	 things	 seemed	 brighter.	 She	 trudged	 to	 the	 attic	 and opened	the	shutters.	Crime	investigators	hovered	around	Kandi	and	Jeff’s	wood

pile	and	next	to	the	garage	where	a	line	of	crime	scene	tape	marked	off	the	area.

In	Ralph’s	yard,	another	group	secured	the	path	to	the	forest,	the	wood	pile,	and the	 area	 leading	 to	 Kandi’s	 house.	 She	 turned	 from	 the	 window.	 She’d	 seen enough.

Reaching	 the	 first	 floor,	 she	 heard	 a	 light	 tapping	 on	 her	 back	 door.	 She wasn’t	going	to	answer	it.	They	could	all	go	away.	But	then	she	noticed	the	red

hair.	Kandi.	She	opened	the	door.

The	 girl	 flew	 into	 her	 arms.	 “I’m	 sorry.	 I	 shouldn’t	 have	 said	 that.	 Please forgive	me.”

Anne	 broke	 down	 in	 tears.	 “I’m	 sorry	 too.	 I	 didn’t	 mean	 to	 hurt	 you.	 I	 just wanted	you	to	know	the	truth	about	Jeff.”

“I	know.	I	know.	It’s	just	hard	having	the	fact	that	your	husband	never	really

loved	you	thrown	in	your	face	in	front	of	everyone.”

Don’t	I	know	it.

“Please	sit	down.	You	want	some	coffee?”

“Yes.	 Thanks.	 Here,	 let	 me	 help.”	 Before	 Anne	 could	 stop	 her,	 Kandi	 was

pulling	out	the	coffee	beans	and	grinding	them.	Anne’s	stomach	growled.	Then Kandi’s.	 They	 glanced	 at	 one	 another,	 then	 broke	 out	 in	 laughter	 that	 filled	 the room.	“I	gather	you	didn’t	eat	anything	last	night	either.”

“No.	But	I’m	hungry	now!”	“Breakfast	burritos	okay	with	you?”	“Yes.	That

sounds	great.”

Anne	pulled	eggs,	cheddar	cheese,	bacon,	salsa,	and	tortillas	from	the	fridge.

The	pair	shared	companionable	silence	as	they	prepared	and	ate	their	meal.

“This	hits	the	spot.	I	didn’t	realize	how	hungry	I	was.”	Anne	took	a	swig	of

coffee.

“Me	too.”	Kandi’s	voice	lowered.	“They’ve	arrested	Jeff.	I	guess	he, like,	got scared	with	all	the	possible	charges	Sheriff	Carson	alluded	to.	He	did	move	the

axe	 into	 our	 yard,	 and	 he	 killed	 Rusty.	 That	 bum.	 He	 had	 all	 kinds	 of	 excuses.

That	he	had	no	choice.	His	company	is	in	really	bad	straits.	He	said	he	figured

I’d	 get	 out	 of	 the	 murder	 charges,	 but	 I	 believe	 that	 as	 far	 as	 I	 can, like,	throw him.	Turns	out	he’d	been	embezzling	money,	and	he	hadn’t	been	able	to	pay	it

back.	He’s	going	away	for	a	long	time.”

“I’m	sorry,	Kandi.	Really.” Not	really.	Good	riddance	to	bad	rubbish.

“I	think	I’m	the	only	person	who	didn’t	see	him	for	who	he	really	was.”

“I	resemble	that	remark.”

Kandi	laughed	heartily.	“I	guess	you	do,	at	that.	It’s	probably	why	you	could

see	through	all	his	bull.”	She	shoved	the	last	bite	of	burrito	into	her	mouth.

“But	 first,	 I	 don’t	 want	 to	 ever	 hear	 you	 say	 that	 you’re	 stupid.	 You’re	 not stupid.	You’re	a	brilliant,	talented	young	woman.	Some	people	have	treated	you

badly	but	that	isn’t	a	reflection	on	you.	It’s	a	reflection	on	them.	Okay?”

“Like,	okay.”	Kandi	grinned.

“Ugh,	I’m	going	to,	like,	strangle	you,	if	you	say	like	one	more	time!”	Anne

retorted.





Chapter	Twenty-Three

Anne	used	her	toes	to	rock	back	and	forth	in	the	old	rocker,	a	cup	of	steaming

coffee	 clutched	 in	 her	 hands.	 She	 took	 a	 sip	 and	 sighed	 with	 contentment.

Though	early	morning,	the	sun’s	warmth	enveloped	the	back	porch.	She	rubbed

the	worn	wooden	arm	of	the	chair.	The	rockers,	which	had	once	sat	on	Ralph’s

porch,	had	been	Hope’s	gift	to	Anne.

She	glanced	at	the	town	newspaper	beside	her.	The	headline	stood	out.	Eliza

de	French	cleared	of	all	charges.	The	article	went	into	how	the	medical	examiner

confirmed	Ralph’s	heart	condition	and	undiagnosed	diabetes.	They	surmised	that

low	blood	sugar	and	exertion	caused	Ralph	to	black	out.	Forensics	alleged	Ralph

had	already	been	unstable	when	he	reached	for	the	axe	in	the	compost	pile.	His

poor	 health	 would	 have	 caused	 death	 to	 occur	 fairly	 soon	 even	 without	 the incident.

As	 for	 Eliza,	 by	 the	 time	 Ralph	 woke	 up,	 she	 was	 already	 home.	 To

corroborate	 her	 story,	 another	 jogger	 swore	 under	 oath	 Eliza	 ran	 past	 him.	 The timing	 of	 that	 encounter	 placed	 her	 away	 from	 Ralph’s	 house	 when	 the	 actual death	occurred.

After	 the	 police	 confirmed	 Ralph’s	 death	 was	 an	 unfortunate	 accident,	 the town	had	breathed	a	collective	sigh	of	relief.	The	idea	of	a	killer	in	their	midst might	 make	 for	 good	 press	 and	 curiosity	 seekers,	 but	 it	 left	 everyone	 else	 on edge.	 The	 once	 open	 town	 had	 begun	 locking	 their	 doors	 at	 night	 and,	 sadly, Anne	 didn’t	 know	 if	 they	 would	 ever	 go	 back.	 But	 for	 now,	 everyone	 radiated high	spirits.

Except	Kandi.

Deciding	 to	 give	 their	 marriage	 one	 last	 chance,	 Kandi	 had	 traveled	 to	 the correctional	 facility	 in	 Denver	 to	 see	 Jeff.	 But	 on	 arrival,	 she’d	 been	 informed his	wife	was	already	there.	Not	only	had	Jeff	been	cheating	his	company,	but	the



rumors	of	another	woman	had	turned	out	to	be	true.

While	Anne’s	heart	broke	for	Kandi,	she	took	comfort	in	the	fact	Jeff	would

never	hurt	the	young	women	ever	again.	His	actions	had	hammered	the	final	nail

in	the	coffin	of	Kandi’s	relationship	with	him.	And	coupled	with	his	embezzling,

Jeff	would	be	going	to	prison	for	a	very	long	time.

Sunlight	crept	backward	across	the	porch.	Anne	watched	it	retreating.	How

long	had	she	been	sitting	here?	She	stared	across	the	yard.	Observing.

Anne	 quoted	 aloud,	 “The	 first	 rule	 of	 permaculture	 is	 to	 observe.”	 Well, she’d	been	doing	that	for	the	last	week.	She’d	come	to	love	sitting	on	the	back

porch,	 the	 rocking	 cadence	 a	 calming	 influence.	 In	 the	 morning,	 she’d	 grab	 a trusty	quilt	and	head	outside	to	drink	her	morning	brew	as	the	world	awoke.

Anne	took	a	deep	breath.

What	about	you	then?	Are	you	ready	to	give	love	another	chance?	Or	have

you	closed	off	your	heart	forever?

No.	I’m	just	not	ready.

So	when	will	you	be	ready?	Next	month?	Next	year?	Ever?

Anne	sighed	deeply.	Nothing	worse	than	fighting	with	yourself.

She	 didn’t	 want	 to	 struggle	 anymore.	 She	 wanted	 to	 live	 life	 to	 the	 fullest.

Her	 thoughts	 turned	 to	 Ralph.	 Anne	 recalled	 her	 spills	 into	 the	 compost	 pile.

Fluke	 accidents	 happen	 every	 day.	 Disease	 can	 creep	 up	 on	 you.	 Life	 can	 end quickly.

A	tear	slid	down	her	cheek.

Oh,	geez.	Why	am	I	crying?	Not	the	hormones	again.

Anne	cradled	her	chin	in	her	hands	as	a	multitude	of	feelings	ran	through	her.

She	 had	 fallen	in	love.

In	a	way	she	had	never	expected.

But	she	had.	Anne	had	fallen	in	love	with	this	town	and	its	inhabitants.	And

with	one	person	in	particular.

What	to	do	about	it?

Well,	that’s	just	plain	crazy.	So	what—you’re	crazy!

Anne	made	up	her	mind.	Afraid	and	giddy	at	the	same	time,	she	was	going	to

do	the	most	reckless	thing	she’d	ever	done.	But	first,	she	needed	to	make	some

plans.	An	idea	finally	occurred	to	her.	She’d	host	a	housewarming	party.

A	warm	breeze	had	carried	away	the	crispness	of	the	morning.	It	wouldn’t	be

much	 longer	 before	 winter	 would	 truly	 embrace	 them.	 The	 timing	 was	 perfect for	an	end	of	season	outdoor	party.

Stewart	waved	at	her	as	he	escorted	a	young	lady	Anne	hadn’t	seen	before.

“Hey,	Anne,	great	party.”

“Thanks.”	She	raised	her	glass.	Butterflies	flitted	in	her	stomach.

Was	she	really	going	to	go	through	with	this?	Could	she?	In	front	of	all	these people?	 What	 if	 she	 made	 a	 fool	 of	 herself	 for	 all	 time?	 Well	 —said	 her	 inner critic— it’s	not	like	you	haven’t	done	that	already	a	few	times.

She	took	a	sip	of	her	mimosa.	Then	another.

Anne	looked	out	at	the	group	assembled.	In	the	short	time	that	she’d	live	in

Carolan	Springs,	she’d	gotten	to	know	quite	a	few	of	its	inhabitants.	She	glanced over	to	a	table	heaping	with	jams,	jellies,	and	other	preserved	foods;	quilts	and knitted	 goods	 from	 the	 local	 ladies	 society;	 books	 from	 Sorcha;	 lotions	 and potions	 from	 Hope;	 and	 gardening	 gloves	 and	 beautiful	 pottery	 dishware	 from Eliza.	 Garlic	 and	 onions,	 some	 for	 eating	 and	 some	 for	 planting,	 poked	 out	 of various	buckets.	A	box	full	of	freshly	picked	produce	and	late	season	berries	sat off	in	the	shade.

Some	 of	 the	 gifts	 had	 been	 a	 bit	 tongue-in-cheek	 such	 as	 a	 set	 of	 compost bins	 from	 Stewart,	 chocolate	 cherry	 candies	 from	 Kandi,	 and	 a	 set	 of	 Nancy Drew	books	from	Sheriff	Carson.

Anne	felt	loved.

She	 moved	 among	 the	 crowd,	 talking	 with	 her	 guests.	 Music	 from	 a	 local folk	band	floated	across	the	air,	mingling	with	the	sounds	of	joyful	chatter	and

laughter.	Much	of	the	food	had	been	eaten	and	people	were	happy	and	content.

Anne	surveyed	the	crowd.

Now	or	never.

Anne	willed	herself	to	stop	shaking.

She	glanced	to	where	Kandi,	Sam,	Sorcha,	and	Carson	stood	talking.	Across

from	 them,	 she	 spied	 Stanley.	 The	 old	 man	 winked	 at	 her.	 Of	 all	 the	 people	 in town,	 Anne	 had	 gone	 to	 him	 with	 her	 idea.	 When	 she	 told	 him,	 he	 hadn’t smirked	once.	Even	better,	he	told	her	to	go	for	it.	Anne	strode	to	the	porch	and stood	 on	 the	 top	 step	 facing	 the	 crowd.	 The	 music	 died	 down.	 She	 threw	 back her	shoulders	and	cleared	her	throat.

Everyone	waited.

She	swallowed	hard	and	willed	herself	to	speak.	“Thank	you	for	coming.	I’m

grateful	to	have	moved	to	a	place	with	such	wonderful	people.	I’m	appreciative

of	all	the	friends	I’ve	made	here,	and	hope	to	get	to	know	each	of	you	better	in

the	days	ahead.”

Someone	yelled,	“To	Anne.”	Everyone	chimed	in	and	took	a	drink.

“Um,	 yes.	 Thank	 you.”	 Anne	 found	 Stanley	 in	 the	 crowd.	 He	 gave	 her	 a thumbs-up.

“I…I…well,	to	say	these	last	few	months	have	been	a	crazy	introduction	to this	town	might	be	an	understatement.”

Everyone	laughed.

“But	it’s	because	of	the	tragedy—”	“To	Ralph,”	someone	shouted.

“To	Ralph,”	others	echoed	the	words.	This	was	getting	off	track	fast.

“Yes,	to	Ralph.”	She	raised	her	glass,	took	a	sip,	and	then	set	it	down	on	the

railing.	She	grasped	her	hands	together	to	stop	the	shaking.	There	was	no	turning back	now.	Hopefully	she	wasn’t	about	to	become	the	town	fool.

“Anyway.	As	I	was	saying,	it’s	been	during	this	time	that	I’ve	really	gotten	to

know	many	of	you.”

She	 paused.	 “And	 it	 seems	 that	 I…I…have	 lost	 my	 heart	 to	 one	 of	 you	 in particular.”

This	is	it.	Just	do	it.	Don’t	think.

She	turned.

“I	 never	 thought	 that	 I	 could	 care	 for	 someone	 the	 way	 I	 do	 for	 you.	 I thought	that	I	had	lost	the	chance	to	ever	experience	this	type	of	love.	But	I’ve found	out	that	I	 am	 able	to	feel	it.	Kandi,	I	could	never	replace	your	mother,	but	I know	in	my	heart	that	I	love	you	like	I	would	love	my	own	daughter.	You	once

said	that	it	would	take	the	impossible	to	believe	I’d	never	abandon	you.	Well,	I

hope	to	prove	it	to	you.”

Anne	 got	 down	 on	 one	 knee	 and	 pulled	 a	 box	 from	 her	 pocket.	 Inside,	 the little	box	held	two	pink	booties.	“Will	you	do	me	the	honor	of	being	my	daughter

and	 allowing	 me	 to	 adopt	 you?	 I	 promise	 to	 never	 leave	 you	 …”	 she	 said through	tears	and	laughter,	“unless	I	fall	into	a	compost	pile	and	die.”

Kandi	clutched	her	hands	to	her	chest.	Tears	streamed	down	her	cheeks.	“I’d

be	honored	for	you	to	be	my	mother.	Yes!	Yes,	of	course!”

The	audience	shouted	and	clapped	as	the	two	women	embraced.

An	 elderly	 woman	 wiped	 her	 eyes.	 “Oh	 my,	 that’s	 just	 the	 sweetest	 thing	 I ever	did	see.”

One	of	the	ladies	from	the	woman’s	auxiliary	chimed	in,	“Bless	her	heart.”

A	guy	standing	next	to	her	said,	“That’s	just	dumb.

She’s	a	grown	woman.	You	don’t	adopt	a	grown-up.”	The	woman	batted	him

with	her	large	purse.

“Hey!”	He	frowned	and	moved	off,	clutching	his	empty	beer	bottle.

“Men,”	the	other	lady	quipped.

The	 band	 struck	 up	 a	 lively	 tune.	 Kandi	 and	 Anne	 were	 enveloped	 by	 the crowd	who	showered	them	with	well	wishes.	Hugs	and	tears	were	in	abundance.

Anne	 had	 not	 just	 found	 the	 home	 she’d	 always	 dreamed	 about	 but	 the

daughter	she’d	always	wanted.





From	the	Author

I	 hope	 you	 enjoyed	 reading	 Chicken	 Culprit. 	 Would	 you	 mind	 doing	 me	 a	 big favor	 and	 reviewing	 it	 on	 your	 favorite	 retailer,	 Goodreads	 or	 wherever	 you share	what	you’re	reading?	I’d	appreciate	it!

For	 the	 latest	 releases	 or	 preorders	 of	 my	 books,	 go	 to	 www.vikkiwalton.com and	sign	up	for	my	newsletter.	There	you’ll	find	freebies,	giveaway	opportunities and	much	more.	Also,	you	can	check	out	my	author	page.



Finally,	you	can	contact	me	directly:

vikki@vikkiwalton.com

Like	everyone	says,	you	may	write	alone,	but	it	takes	a	lot	of	people	to	help	you reach	the	finished	product.	Even	with	all	their	expertise,	any	errors	you	may	find are	all	mine.

Hilary	LaBarre,	Deputy	Coroner—who	knew	talking	about	gory	deaths	could	be

so	much	fun!

The	Misplaced	Modifiers—especially	Donita	and	Jill—who	improved	the	story

with	their	insights.

Erica	 of	 Ink	 Deep	 Editing,	 who	 made	 editing	 less	 painful	 and	 caught

development	issues	I’d	missed.

Melinda	of	Martin	Publishing	Services	who	went	the	extra	mile	on	helping	me

bring	this	book	to	fruition.

Donna	Rogers	for	her	artistic	talent	in	cover	design.

Lt.	 Jane	 of	 the	 Colorado	 Springs	 Police	 Department	 who	 explained	 evidence requirements	 to	 make	 an	 arrest;	 then	 said	 with	 a	 serious	 tone,	 “Now	 don’t	 go committing	any	murders.”

Any	errors	you	find	are	mine—all	mine.

Finally	to	my	kiddos,	Michelle,	Matthew,	Jeremiah,	and	Jori,	and	to	my	husband,

Jack,	who	puts	up	with	me.





Cozy	Mystery	Series

Backyard	Farming	Mystery	Series	set	in	Colorado

Taylor	Texas	Cozy	Mystery	Series	set	in	Texas

Viviane’s	Adventures	Cozy	Mystery	(various	locations)





Document Outline


Table of Contents

Title Page

Copyright

Cast of Characters

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Chapter Fourteen

Chapter Fifteen

Chapter Sixteen

Chapter Seventeen

Chapter Eighteen

Chapter Nineteen

Chapter Twenty

Chapter Twenty-One

Chapter Twenty-Two

Chapter Twenty-Three

From the Author

Cozy Mystery Series





